You know what I do is I write for the kids , and , in fact , I 'm probably the author for children , read in the United States .
And I always tell people I do n't want to look like a scientist .
I can get caught as a farmer , or leather clothes , and nobody has ever chosen a farmer .
I 'm here today to talk to you about circles and epiphanies .
And you know , a revelation is generally something that fell into you somewhere .
You just have to turn the apple back to see it as a epiphany .
That 's the painting of a circle .
A friend of mine did that -- Richard <unk> .
It 's the kind of complicated circle that I 'm going to talk about .
My circle started in the middle school in the middle school , in <unk> , Ohio where I was the weird one .
When she was just beaten up to bleeding every week in the bathroom , until a teacher saved my life .
She saved my life when I was able to get into the village 's room .
He did it in secret .
For three years .
And I had to go from the city .
I had a thumb , and it was about 85 dollars , and I ended up in San Francisco , California -- I found a lover -- and in the 1980s , I felt the need to start working in organizations that were fighting against AIDS .
About three or four years ago , in half the night , I got a phone call from that master 's , the lady who said , `` I need to see you .
I 'm disillusioned as adults , we never got to know ourselves .
You could <unk> Ohio , and please bring that guy who I know you 've found .
And I have to tell you that I have pancreatic cancer , and I 'd like you to join it with this please . ''
Well , the next day we were in Cleveland .
We went to see , we were laughing , we cried , and we realized that she needed to be <unk> .
We found him a place , <unk> , and looked at her , and we care about her family , because it was necessary .
It 's something we knew how to do .
And as the woman who wanted to know me as an adult got to meet me , it became a box of cinders , and it was put in my hands .
And what happened was that the circle had closed , it had become a circle -- and that epiphany that I told them was made in itself .
<unk> is that death is part of life .
She saved my life , my partner and I save her .
And you know that part of life needs everything for the rest of life .
It needs truth and beauty , and I 'm very happy that I was talking about this today a lot .
It also needs dignity , love and pleasure , and it 's our job to provide those things .
Thank you .
As an artist , the connection is very important to me .
Through my work , I 'm trying to express that humans are not separated from nature , and that everything is interconnected .
I first went to Antarctica almost 10 years ago , and I saw my first <unk> .
I was amazed .
My heart can really quickly , I was <unk> , trying to understand what was in front of me .
I <unk> them all around the water almost 60 meters , and I could n't even more think it was a snowflake , about snow snowflake after year .
The <unk> are born when they get out of the glaciers or break off the ice shelves .
Every eardrum has its own individual personality .
They have a different way of interacting with their environment and their experiences .
Some of you will refuse to give up and hold to the end , whereas others ca n't stand it anymore , and they will become a kind of dramatic passion .
It 's easy to think , by looking at a iceberg , which are isolated from apart and alone , largely as we see ourselves as humans .
But the reality is the opposite .
As a iceberg melts , I 'm breathing its ancestral atmosphere .
As a iceberg , a eardrum releases fresh water in minerals that feeds many forms of life .
I come up to photograph these <unk> as if it was about portraits of my ancestors , knowing that in these unique moments exist in that way , and it will not exist again again .
It 's not death when you melt melt ; it 's not an end , but it 's a continuation of your way through the cycle of life .
Part of the ice in the <unk> I 'm photographing is very young -- it 's a couple of thousands of years .
And other parts of the ice has over 100,000 years .
The last photos I 'd like to show you are from a iceberg I photographed in <unk> , Greenland .
It 's just recently going to actually see a rolling iceberg .
Here you have .
You can see the left one little boat .
It 's about five meters .
And I 'd like you to pay attention to the shape of the iceberg and your baseline .
You can see here , it starts rolling , the boat has moved to the other side and the man is standing there .
This is a Greenland ratio , average size .
<unk> of water about 120 feet or 40 meters .
This video is in real time .
And so just like , the eardrum shows a different side of his personality .
Thank you .
I want you to imagine two couples in 1979 , the same day , exactly at the same time , every single baby . Okay .
So , two couples each with a baby .
I do n't want you to get too close to the details of conception , because if you stop to think about conception , you 're not going to pay me attention .
Let 's think about that for a moment .
And on this stage , I want you to imagine that , in one case , the Y chromosome comes together to the X chromosome from the egg .
And in the other case , the X chromosome comes together to the X chromosome comes together .
They both turn on and start life .
We 'll come back to talk about them later .
In my activity , I had two roles .
In one of my roles , I work with the history of anatomy .
I 'm an historian in training , and what I study in this case is the way people came up with the anatomy -- -- -- and human bodies and <unk> , how they 've considered the body fluids , the idea of the body -- what have you thought about the body .
The other role that they do in my work is the activist , as a patient advocate or , as I say , an impatient advocate for people who are medical patients .
In this case , I 've worked with people whose physical features challenge social norms .
I 've been working , for example , with <unk> twins , two people inside one body .
I 've worked with people with <unk> -- people much lower than the average .
And I 've worked with many cases of people with classical sex , individuals whose physical typology do n't fit into male schemes and conventional female schemes .
And , in general lines , we can call it <unk> .
<unk> embraces many forms .
I 'm going to give you a few examples of ways of having a sex that does n't lie in the ordinary male or female forms .
For example , there 's the case of the individual with <unk> XY gene , whose <unk> gene does tell the <unk> , that we all have in the fetal life , which become testes .
And then , in the fetal life , the testes produce testosterone .
But because this individual lacks testosterone lacks testosterone , the body does n't react to the same .
It 's the <unk> syndrome .
So , there 's high levels of testosterone , but no reaction .
As a result , the body is following a typically female course .
When the baby is born , the baby looks like a little girl .
It 's a girl . He 's raised as a girl .
And , often , it 's not until puberty , when it 's growing up and developing the breast , but you do n't have the menstrual cycle , when someone realizes something 's going on .
After he got tests , they realize that instead of having ovaries and uterus , he actually has testes and a chromosome .
The important thing to understand is that you can think this is a man , but it 's actually not that way .
Women , like men , we have in the body something called glands <unk> glands .
They 're in the back of the body .
<unk> glands produce <unk> , the <unk> hormone .
Most women , like me -- I consider a typical woman ; it does n't know its <unk> structure ; I think it will be a typical woman , most women like me .
We produce <unk> , and we respond to the <unk> .
As a consequence , somebody like me has the most exposed brain to <unk> that the woman who was born with testicles who have the <unk> syndrome .
So sex is something complicated . It 's not that <unk> are in the middle of the spectrum -- in some ways they can be everywhere .
Another example : a few years ago , I got a call from a 19-year-old who was born and raised as a male ; had girlfriend , and sexual activity with her , had a life as a boy and I had just found she had ovaries and uterus .
He had an extreme way of a disease , known as <unk> <unk> <unk> .
I had 20th chromosomes in the womb <unk> glands , they were so active that , essentially , creating a male hormone environment .
As a consequence , his genitals were <unk> , his brain was exposed to the hormone component typically .
He looks like a child , nobody was born at all .
And it was at the age of 19 , when he started to have medical problems caused by candlelight , when doctors found that , in fact , she was a woman inside .
Well , another quick example of a <unk> case .
Some people with the 20th University develop what 's known as <unk> , which is , have tissue <unk> wrapped up in <unk> tissue .
We do n't know why that happens .
So , there are many varieties of sex .
The reason why children with these kinds of bodies -- are <unk> , fraternal twins , or <unk> , or <unk> , is being sent to be able to have a better physical health .
In many cases , people are perfectly healthy .
The reason they go to a lot of surgeries is that they are a threat to our social categories .
The system is normally based on the idea that a particular anatomy brings up a particular identity .
We have the idea that being a woman is to have female identity , supposedly , being black means to have African anatomy in historical terms .
A <unk> simplistic idea .
And when you present a body that shows something quite different , we have problems with <unk> .
So we have very romantic ideas in our culture about individualism .
Our nation is based on a concept of very romantic individualism .
Imagine how amazing it is to have children who are born as two people in one body .
The most high case is last year with the South African runner <unk> <unk> <unk> -- it was put in cloth on the <unk> Games of Berlin .
A lot of journalists called to ask me , `` What are you going to do to determine if you 're <unk> , or a woman ? ''
And I had to explain to the journalists that do n't exist such a test .
In fact , now we know that sex is so complicated that we have to admit that nature does n't trace a line between men and women or between men and <unk> and women and women , and we are the ones that we draw that line .
So what we have is a situation where the more you go through the science , the more we have to admit that these categories were going to be stable enough categories that looked directly into with stable <unk> categories are much more likely than we were thinking about .
And not just in terms of sex .
Also in terms of race , something that 's much more complicated than the terminology allows .
As we see , we go into a rough terrain .
So , for example , the fact that we share at least 95 percent of the DNA with the chimpanzees .
What are you going to do about the fact of <unk> of them in just a few nucleotides ?
And as we moved on in science , we get increasingly in an awkward area where we need to recognize that simplistic categories are probably too simplistic .
And we 're looking at this in all walks of human life .
One of them , for example , in our current culture , in the United States today are the struggles of today and in the beginning of life .
It 's hard to set a moment from which a body becomes human and has different rights to the <unk> .
There are very <unk> discussions nowadays , not in public , but I know inside it , when somebody is considered dead .
Our ancestors never had to deal with this question of whether someone was dead .
As a lot , they put a pen in front of his nose , and if he moved , they still did n't get it .
If I stopped moving it down .
But today we can , for example , extract life organs from a body and put them into another body .
And as a result , we have to deal with the dilemma to actually determine someone 's death , and this puts us in a difficult situation where we do n't have the simple categories of the past .
And you may think that this categories of categories could be happy to somebody like me .
In politics , I 'm progressive , defending people with unusual bodies , but I have to admit that I 'm nervous .
<unk> that these categories are much more fragile than we were thinking about .
It 's <unk> from the concept of democracy .
And to tell you about this tension , I have to admit that I 'm a fervent fan of the Founding Fathers .
I know they were racist I know they were <unk> , but they were big .
I mean , they were so brave and audacious and so radical in what they did , that I find each so much by looking at that piece of `` 1776 '' and not by the music , which is totally <unk> .
It 's why it happened in 1776 with the Founding Fathers .
The Founding Fathers were , for me , the first activists of the anatomy and explain why .
What they had rejected was a anatomic concept , and they had it with another one that was radical and beautiful and stayed for 200 years .
And , as all of you remember , our Founding Fathers was the idea of monarchy , the monarchy was based on a very simplistic concept of anatomy .
The monarchs of the old world did n't know the DNA , but they had clear the idea of birth .
They had the concept of blue blood .
They were from the idea that political power was coming into political power by the brain 's right to the father 's rights and then the father and so on .
The Founding fathers rejected that idea and replaced it by a new anatomic concept , and that concept was that all men are created the same .
They took the field of play and decided that the anatomy that mattered was the anatomy in common anatomy and not the anatomical differences . That was a very radical thing .
And in part they were doing it because they were part of a light system where they were raising two things .
It was happening to democracy , and at the same time was about time in science .
And it stays very clear , if you look at the history of the Founding Fathers , that many were very interested in science and the idea of a <unk> world .
They were <unk> out of the supernatural explanations , and so rejected the concept of supernatural power passed through a vague idea of birth .
They were moving towards a <unk> concept .
And if we look , for example , the Declaration of Independence , they talk about nature and the god of nature .
They do n't talk about God and the nature of God .
They talk about the power of nature to tell us who we are .
And then we were passing the idea of anatomical coincidence .
And by doing so , they were laid the foundations of the Civil Rights Movement .
They did n't think about it , but they did it for us , and it was great .
And what happened years later ?
And women succeeded .
Then came the success of the Civil Rights Movement with people from <unk> <unk> , saying , `` I 'm not a woman ? ''
We find men in the rows of the Civil Rights Movement saying , `` I 'm a man . ''
And again , people of color that were going to tell the anatomical coincidence about anatomical difference and , again , they succeeded .
We see the same thing with the <unk> movement .
The problem is , of course , as we look at the coincidences , we have to start asking ourselves why we keep certain divisions .
But , attention , I want to keep some anatomical divisions in our culture .
For example , I do n't want to give a fish the same rights than a human .
I do n't want to say that we should <unk> in the anatomy .
I do n't want to say that kids five years should be allowed to have sex or get married .
There are some immersive divisions that for me makes sense , and I think we should be able to keep .
But the challenge is to try to figure out what they are , why to keep them and if they make sense .
Well , let 's go back to those two creatures at the beginning of this talk .
We have two beings , both of them in the middle of 1979 exactly the same day .
Imagine that one of them , Mary , was born three months before , on June 1 , 1980 .
Henry , at the opposite , was born in a term , was born on March 1980 .
For the only fact that Mary was born three months before Mary are attributed to all the rights three months before we have to Henry -- the right to the sex -- the right to vote , the right to <unk> .
Henry has to wait for all that not because it has a different biological age , but because it was born afterwards .
We find other oddities in relation to their rights .
Henry , by virtue of being considered man , if I have n't told you if it 's <unk> , by virtue of being considered a man to be <unk> from the mandatory <unk> that Mary does n't have to worry about .
Mary , for your part , does n't have the same rights to marriage than Henry in all states , for example .
Henry can be married in every state with a woman , but Mary can marry one woman , just in some states .
So it still did evolve categories , which in various ways are counted and questionable .
And now the question is : What do we do now that science went across so much in the field of anatomy that we get to the point of having to admit that a based on anatomy could crumble ?
I do n't want to give up science , but at the same time , I feel like science escapes from us .
Where are we going ?
It seems that what happens in our culture is a kind of pragmatic attitude : `` Well , we have to draw the line somewhere , so we 're going to do it . ''
But many people are stuck in a rare position .
For example , Texas has now decided that to marry a man , you do n't have to have chromosome and to marry a woman , you have to have chromosome .
Now , in practice , they do n't do tests to people .
But this is also very strange , given the story that I told you at the beginning of the <unk> <unk> syndrome .
If you look at one of the founding fathers of modern democracy , Dr. Martin Luther King , in his speech `` I '' speech offers a solution .
It says that we should judge people , `` based on not the color of their skin , but in the content of their character , '' going beyond anatomy .
And I mean , `` Yes , the idea looks very good . ''
But in practice , how do you do it ?
How do you judge people based on the content of their character ?
I want to point out that I 'm not sure that I 'm not sure that we should be involved in this to give people rights to people , because I 've to admit that I know some <unk> <unk> that probably deserve more social services than some humans I know .
I also want to say that maybe some <unk> I know can make more informed , intelligent , mature decisions about their sexual activity that people from 40 I know .
So how do you put the subject of character content ?
It 's very difficult .
And one part of me is wondering what would happen if the character of a person could in the future will be measured with an instrument , maybe with an MRI .
Do we really want to get to that point ?
I 'm not sure where we 're going .
What I know is that it seems to be very important that America will keep driving this current thinking of thinking about democracy .
We 've done a good job in defense of democracy , and I think we 'll do a good job in the future .
We do n't live , for example , in a context like the Iranian in which a man who feels attracted to other men 's ability to be killed , unless they are willing to submit to a change of sex , in which case it 's allowed to live .
We 're not in that situation .
I 'm happy to say that we do n't have a context as a surgeon that I talked about a couple of years ago that he had done to give birth twins to get them apart , and then they grow their fame .
But when the phone asked the operation to the operation , he was a very <unk> operation , and he told me that in that other country these kids would be very abused , so I had to do it .
I said , `` Well , has the political asylum instead of the <unk> separation ? ''
The United States offers huge possibilities for people to be who they are without compromising to change the state well .
So I think we need to be the head .
Well , to conclude , I mean I 've been talking a lot about the Fathers .
And I want to think about what democracy would be , or as it might have been , if we were given more participation to your Mothers .
And I want to say something a little bit radical for a feminist , and that is that I think there can be different ideas coming from different anatomical ideas , in particular if people are thinking .
For years , since I 've been interested in <unk> , I 've also been interested in investigating sexual difference .
And one of the things that I 've been interested in is the differences between men and women in terms of how to think and operate in the world .
And what we know about studying studies is that women , on average , not all , but in fact , tend not all , but in fact , tend to pay more attention to complex social relationships and dealing with those who are embedded in the group .
And if we think about that , we have an interesting situation in our hands .
Now , when I was in graduate school , one of my advisers who knew I was interested in feminism , I was interested in considered a feminist , as a <unk> made me a strange question .
`` Tell me what 's about the female of feminism . ''
And I thought , `` It 's the stupidest question I 've heard .
Feminism has to do with unpicking gender stereotypes , so there 's nothing female in feminism . ''
But the more I 've thought about the question , the more I 've been like there is some female in feminism .
I mean , there might be something , on average , something different between the feminine brain and the male that makes us more attached to complex social relationships and willing to help the most vulnerable .
So , if the Parents were very aware to find the way to protect people from the state , it 's possible that , of having more moms to this concept , we may have enriched the concept of protection with reciprocal support .
And maybe that 's what we need to do in the future when we have democracy beyond anatomy : to think less about the individual body , in terms of identity , and to think more about relationships .
So as we try to create a more perfect bond , let 's think about what we do with each other .
Thank you .
In 2007 , I decided that we had to rethink how we think about economic development .
Our new goal should be that when every family thinks where they want to go live and work , have a chance to choose between at least a handful of different cities that are competing to attract new residents .
Well , right now , we 're far from that goal .
There are billions of people in developing countries that do n't have a single city willing to get them out .
But the amazing thing about cities is that it 's worth much more than their cost of construction .
So we could easily overtake the world tens , perhaps hundreds of new cities .
Well , this may sound absurd if you 've never thought about new cities .
But you just get through apartment buildings .
So imagine that half of you who wanted to live in apartments already are owners , and the other half is not completely missing to do it .
You could try to increase the ability to make it major in all existing buildings .
But you know the problem that <unk> is that those buildings and the areas that surrounding them have rules to avoid the discomfort and the distractions of the building .
So it would be very difficult to do all of those <unk> .
But you could go to a whole new place , build a whole building of apartments completely new , always , and when the rules of that place build the construction rather than putting it block .
So I proposed that governments are successful , new enough reform zones to contain cities , and I gave them a name : <unk> cities .
Later I learned that more or less at the same time , <unk> and <unk> were thinking about the challenge of Honduras .
They knew that every year about 75,000 <unk> would crawl from their country to go to the United States , and they wanted to ask what they could do to make sure that those people could stay and do those same things in Honduras .
In the summer of 2009 , Honduras were by a constitutional crisis .
In the next regular election , <unk> <unk> prevailed with a platform in which <unk> reforms and at the same time reconciliation .
He asked him to be his head of cabinet .
Meanwhile , I was preparing to give a talk at TEDGlobal .
Through a process of refinement , trial and error , and a huge amount of tests with users , I tried to reduce this complicated concept of cities under their most essential ideas .
The first point was the importance of norms , like those rules that say that you ca n't go and bother all the current residents of apartments .
We 're going to take a lot of attention to new technologies , but it needs so much of technologies like the rules for progress , and usually the rules that prevent us forward .
In the fall of 2010 , a friend of Guatemala was sent to <unk> a link at the TEDTalk .
I showed it to <unk> .
They called me .
They said , `` Let 's bring this to the leaders of our country . ''
So in December we met in Miami , in a hotel room of a hotel room .
I tried to explain to you this point about how valuable cities are , much more valuable than their monetary cost .
And I used this picture that shows the value of land in a place like New York City , and look at the ground that , in some cases , it 's worth thousands of dollars per square meter .
But it was a pretty abstract discussion , and at some point , when there was a pause , <unk> said , `` Paul , maybe we could see the video of the TEDTalk TEDTalk . ''
And the talk described in very simple terms that a charter city is a place where it begins with <unk> land , a charter that brave the rules that are establishing there and an option for people to choose whether they want to go or not live under those norms .
So the president of Honduras called me , and he told me we had to do this project , this is important , this could be the way that our country forward .
He asked me to go to <unk> and talk again about the four and five of January .
So I presented another talk full of data , which included an image like this , which I was trying to explain that for a lot of value to a city , this has to be very big .
This is a picture of Denver and the white line is the new airport that was built in Denver .
Just this airport , covers over 100 square miles .
So I was trying to convince the <unk> that to build a new city , you have to start with a site that is about a thousand square kilometers .
That 's more than 100,000 hectares .
Everybody <unk> politely .
The faces of the audience were very serious and attentive .
The leader of Congress came up to the platform and said , `` Professor <unk> , thank you very much for your talk , but maybe you might see the video of the TEDTalk TEDTalk .
I have it here in my computer . ''
So I sat down and showed the TEDTalk .
And this explained how essential -- that a new city can offer new choices for people .
There would be a choice of a city that could go in Honduras , instead of hundreds of miles away north .
And it also would include new choices for leaders .
Because the leaders of the Honduras would need help from countries associated with them , they could benefit from countries associated with them to help them establish and fulfill the charter of the charter of the charter , so that they could all trust that the charter of it effectively breaks away .
We went and we saw a site .
This picture is there .
It could easily cover a thousand square kilometers .
And shortly after , on January 19 , they voted in the Congress to <unk> their constitution and add a constitutional arrangement that would allow these special regions to develop .
In a country that I had just passed through this painful crisis , the voting in Congress to favor this constitutional amendment was theirs .
All the games , all the factions in society , the very much .
<unk> in the Constitution , it has to pass twice in Congress .
February 17th , once again in other voting , from 114 to one .
And immediately after the voting , from 21 to February 24 , a delegation of 30 <unk> was to the two places in the world that are most interested in engaging in building cities .
One of them is South Korea .
This is a picture of a new big center of the city that 's building in South Korea ; it 's bigger than downtown Boston .
All you see there was built in four years , after four years ago , getting the permits .
The other country interested in building cities is Singapore .
In fact , they 've built two cities in China and are preparing for a third .
And if you think about this practical way , this is the point where we are .
They have a site , and they 're thinking about a site for the second city .
They 're making a legal system that would allow the managers to come from , and at the same time would allow operate under an external legal system .
A country has already committed to allow their Supreme Court to be the ultimate court for this new judicial system .
There are urban planners and cities of cities that are very interested in the project .
They can even get some funding .
But the only thing we know that you 've solved is that they have a good number of people .
There are many companies that wanted to move in the Americas , especially in a place with a free trade zone , and there are a lot of people who would like to go there .
In the world , there are 700 million people who say that they would like to be changed immediately to another place .
There are a million a year coming out of Latin America to go to the United States .
Many of them are parents who have to leave behind their family to go get a job , sometimes they 're single mothers who have to earn the money for just eating or buy clothes .
Unfortunately , sometimes there are even kids who are trying to meet with their parents who have n't seen , in some cases , in a decade .
So , what do you think about building a new city in Honduras ?
Or build a dozen of these , or a hundred of these around the world ?
What does it seem to be thinking about insisting that families can choose between various cities that are competing for new residents ?
This is an idea worth spreading .
And my friends were asked to say , `` Thank you TED . ''
I 'm <unk> , and this is my <unk> .
But before I show you what 's inside , I 'm going to make a public confession , and that is , I live obsessed with suits .
I love to find , wear , and more recently , photographing and publishing in my blog suits and colorful and different for every time .
But I do n't buy anything new .
All my clothes is two of the second hand of <unk> markets and <unk> stores .
Oh , thank you .
The second hand stores allow me to reduce the impact of my <unk> in the environment and in my wallet .
I 'm going to meet <unk> people ; usually my money goes to a good cause ; I think it 's unique , and buy becomes my personal search for treasures .
I mean , what am I going to find today ?
I 'll be my size ?
Am I going to like color ?
cost less than 20 dollars ?
If all the answers are positive , then I feel that I 've won .
Going back to my <unk> , I want to tell you what I packed for this exciting week at TED .
I mean , what bring someone who has all that clothes ?
So I 'm going to show you exactly what I brought .
I 've brought seven of the underwear pairs , and nothing else .
And inside for exactly one week , it 's all I 've put in my <unk> .
I thought I would be able to find everything else that I 'd like to use after getting here to Palm Springs .
And because you do n't know me as the woman who walks for TED in underwear , that means I found some things .
And I 'd like to show you now the collections for this week .
Does n't it sound interesting ?
While I do , I 'm also going to tell you some of the lessons of life that , believe it or not , I 've learned in this adventure of not using new clothes .
Let 's start with Sunday .
This is called this brilliant tiger .
You do n't have to spend a lot of money to look good .
You can almost always see phenomenal than 50 dollars .
The whole thing , including the jacket , and it cost me 55 , and it 's the most expensive one I 've used in the week .
So Monday Monday , the color is energy .
It 's almost impossible to be wrong , when you 're wearing a bright red pants .
If you 're happy , you 're going to attract other people happy .
Tuesday : integration is <unk> .
I 've spent a lot of time in life trying to be myself and at the same time .
I just do yourself .
If you get rid of the right people , you 're not only going to get you , you 'll also get bored .
<unk> : <unk> the child you 're carrying inside .
And sometimes people say to me that it seems to be the <unk> , or I 'm reminded of your little age of seven .
I like to <unk> and say , `` Thank you . ''
Thursday : trust is the key .
If you think you look good at something , you 're pretty sure you 're .
And if you think you do n't look good at something , probably it 's probably true .
My mother taught me this day after day .
But it was n't until the 30 years that I really understood its meaning .
And I 'm going to explain it in a few seconds .
If you think you 're a beautiful person in your inner and outside , you do n't see you ca n't attract .
So there 's no excuse for anyone in this audience .
We should be able to achieve everything we want to achieve .
Thank you .
<unk> : A universal truth six words for you : The gold <unk> go with everything .
And finally , Saturday : Developing a personal style and unique form is a great way to tell the world something about you without having to say a word .
I 've tried it over and over again when people came up this week simply by what I was using , and we had fantastic conversations .
Obviously , this is not going to go into my little <unk> .
So before I went home , I 'm going to give it all home .
Because the lesson I 'm trying to learn this week is that you 've got to leave a few things behind .
I do n't need to emotionally hurt these things , because around the corner , there will always be another crazy , colorful , bright suit , if there 's a little love in my heart , and I look for it .
Thank you very much .
Thank you .
This is a representation of your brain that we can divide into two parts .
The left side , which is the logical part , and the right side , which is the intuitive part .
So , if you take a scale to measure the fitness of each hemisphere , we could design a plane of our brain .
For example , this would be someone who is completely logical .
This would be somebody who is completely intuitive .
So , where do you hold your brain on this scale ?
Some of them are going through one of these extremes , but I think for most of the members of this audience , your brain is something like this -- with a great fitness in both hemispheres at the same time .
It 's not that it 's mutually exclusive .
You can be logical and intuitive .
I consider myself one of those people , and just like most of the other experimental quantum physicists , we need pretty logic to prescribe these complicated ideas .
But at the same time , we need a lot of intuition to make the experiments really work .
How do we develop this intuition ? Well , we like to play with things .
We 're going to play with them and then we see how they react , and then we developed our intuition from that point .
And actually , you do the same thing .
A sense of intuition that you may have developed over the years is the one that says that one thing can be only in one place at a time .
I mean , it may sound weird to think that one thing is in two different places at the same time , but you were not born with this notion , the developed .
I remember looking at a kid playing a parking lot .
He was a little kid , and he did n't really well , he always fell .
But I bet you play that car bar on that parking bar , he taught him an valuable lesson , and that is that big things do n't allow the <unk> to stay in a place .
This is a big model model that you can have in the world , except you 're a particle physicist .
It would be a terrible model for a particle physicist , because they do n't play parking bars , play with these little particles .
And when they play their particles , they discover that they do all sorts of really bizarre things -- as they can go through walls , or they can be in two different places at the same time .
And then they wrote all these observations , and they called it theory of quantum mechanics .
At that point , it was a few years ago ; you needed quantum mechanics to describe those little particles .
But you did n't need it to describe the big objects around us every day .
That did n't fit my intuition , and maybe it 's because I do n't play very often with particles .
Well , sometimes I play with them , but not very much .
And I 've never seen them .
I mean , nobody saw a particle .
But it did n't fit right to my logical part .
Because if everything is made out of small particles and all small particles follow the principles of quantum mechanics , so should n't it be on the principles of quantum mechanics ?
I do n't find the reason why it should n't .
And so I would feel so much better if I could somehow prove that a common object is also following the principles of quantum mechanics .
That 's why a few years ago , I proposed to do exactly that .
And I did .
This is the first object you can see that has been in a <unk> of quantum mechanics .
What we see here is a little computer chip .
And you can try to see the green dot right in the middle .
That 's the little bit of metal I 'm going to talk about in a minute .
This is a picture of the object .
And I 'm going to expand it a little bit . It 's right at the center .
And then here we make a nice big approach to the little metal <unk> .
What we see is a little bit of a little bit of metal , with a springboard and that stands out on a platform .
And so I did this almost in the same way that you would do a computer chip .
I went to a clean room with a new silicon chip , and I started working all big machines for about 100 hours .
For the last material , I had to build my own machine -- to make this hole in a form of swimming <unk> , which is under the device .
This device has the ability to be in a quantum intersection , but it needs a little bit of help .
Let me make an analogy .
You know how uncomfortable it is to be on an elevator full of people .
I mean , when I 'm on an elevator , I do all sorts of weird things , but then when other people go up and I 'll leave you about doing those things , because I do n't want to bother them , or actually , frightening .
Quantum mechanics says that inanimate objects behave in the same way .
The coworkers in inanimate objects are not just people , it 's also the light that shines it , and the wind going on the side and the heat of the room .
So we knew that if we wanted this little bit of metal to behave according to quantum mechanics , we would have to <unk> all the other passengers .
And that 's what we did .
<unk> the lights , then we introduced a vacuuming , and we pulled all the air down , and then we cool it down to a temperature of less than a degree by absolute zero .
Now , when you 're only on the elevator , the little piece of metal is free of acting like it .
So we measured their movements .
We found that they moved in very strange ways .
Instead of staying perfectly still , he was vibrating , and the way that he was born was like a breath in this way -- like a livestock that expands and contracts .
And when you give it a soft drive , we were able to make it <unk> , and you do n't break it at the same time -- something that just happens with quantum mechanics .
So what I 'm telling you is something really fantastic .
What does it mean that a <unk> thing and does n't get to <unk> at the same time ?
Let 's think about atoms .
In one case , all of the trillions atoms that make that piece of metal are still still still , and at the same time those same atoms are moving up and down .
It 's just at certain <unk> when they line up .
In the rest of the time they 're <unk> .
It means that every atom is in two different places at the same time , which means that all the piece of metal is in two different places .
I think this is great .
Really .
It was a clean room in a clean room to do this for all those years , because , look at this , the difference on scale between one single atom and that little bit of metal is more or less the same as the difference between that little metal bit and you can .
So if one single atom can be in two different places at the same time , and that piece of metal can be in two different places , why do n't you ?
I mean , it 's my logical part that 's talking about .
So imagine if you were in several places at the same time , what would that be ?
How do you play your consciousness if your body was embedded in space ?
There 's another part of the story .
And that 's when we heat it up , and we turned the lights and look inside the box , we saw that the metal was still there in one piece .
And I could get to this new intuition , apparently all the objects on the elevator actually are just quantum objects that are just close to a little bit of space .
You hear a lot about that quantum mechanics claims that everything is interconnected .
Well , that 's not so true .
It 's more than that , it 's deeper .
It 's that those connections , your connections to all the things that surround you , literally define who you are , and that 's the deep weirdness of quantum mechanics .
Thank you .
My name is <unk> .
And 18 months ago , I was doing another job at Google , until I launched the idea of doing something related to museums and art to my chief who is here and allowed to take her out .
It took me 18 months .
Many negotiations and stories , I assure you , with very interesting museums in nine countries .
But I 'm going to focus on the demo .
There 's a lot of stories of why we did it .
I think my own story is simply explains this slide , and this is the access .
I grew up in India .
<unk> of a great education -- I do n't know myself , but I did n't have access to many of these museums and artwork .
So when I started traveling and go to museums , I began to learn a lot .
And working on Google , I try to make the desire to make it more accessible to technology .
So we formed a team , a great team of people , and we started to do it .
So let 's show the demo better than show you to explain to you a couple of interesting things that we 've done from their launch .
So , simply , we 're going to go back .
Look around all the museums there .
There 's the <unk> gallery , MoMA , <unk> , <unk> , Van Gogh .
I 'm actually going to go into one of my favorites , <unk> , the art museum in New York .
There are two ways to do it -- very simple .
We click , and we click ! We 're already inside the museum .
No matter where you are , Bombay or <unk> , that does n't really matter .
You move around and you have fun .
Would you want to navigate the museum ?
We opened up the top plane , and with one click , we jumped inside .
You 're inside , you want to go at the end of the hallway .
Let 's go ahead and go ahead .
<unk> .
Thank you , but I did n't get the best .
Now I 'm in front of one of my favorite paintings , `` The <unk> '' by Pieter <unk> in the <unk> .
I see the sign + .
If the museum shows us the image , we click there .
Look , this is one of the images .
Here 's all metadata data .
For those of you who are really interested in art , you can click there , but I 'm going to click here right now .
And this is one of the images that we 've captured in what we call the <unk> technology .
So this image , for example , contains , I think , about 10,000 million pixels .
And there are many people who ask me , `` What do you get with 10,000 million pixels ? ''
So I 'm going to show you what you really get with 10,000 million pixels .
It can zoom in around it very simple .
You see funny things that are happening .
I love this guy , his expression does n't have a price .
But if you really want to go down .
So I started playing , and I found myself with something that was happening there .
And I said , `` Wait a moment , this looks interesting . ''
I went in , and I found that the kids were actually playing something .
I did a little bit of it , I talked to some people from the <unk> , and I actually found out that this is a <unk> called [ unclear ] , which is to hit a <unk> with a stick on the Tuesday .
And apparently it was very popular .
I do n't know why they did , but I 've learned something about it .
And now we 're going to get deeper and deeper and you 'll see that you can actually get to the cracks .
Now just to give you a little bit of perspective , I 'm going to pull away the picture , so you 'll see what there is .
This is where we were , and this is the painting .
The best thing is to come , a second .
So now we 're going to jump up again to MoMA in New York .
Here 's another one of my favorites , `` The Night <unk> . ''
The example I showed was to find details .
But what if you want to see the strokes ?
And if you want to see how Van Gogh actually created this masterpiece ?
It goes up and it really does .
I 'm going to one of my favorite parts in this picture , and I 'm really going to get to the cracks .
This is `` <unk> night , '' I think I 'd never seen this before .
I 'm going to show you another one of my favorite functions .
There 's a lot more things here , but I do n't have time to show it .
This is the really cool part . It 's called `` <unk> . ''
You all , absolutely everyone , does n't matter whether you 're rich or poor , or if you have a mansion , that 's the same .
You can online to create your own museum , create your own collection from all these images .
It 's very simple , we enter it , and I created this function I call `` The zooming in , '' -- we just took a zooming around .
It 's about `` <unk> '' at the National Gallery in London .
You can write things out , send it to your friends and keep a conversation about what you feel at contemplating these masterpieces .
So in conclusion , I think for me , the main thing is that all amazing things do n't really come from Google .
No , in my opinion , even they do n't come from museums .
Maybe I should n't say this .
Actually , they come from those artists .
And that 's been my humble experience with this .
I mean , I hope that in this digital medium does justice to its art work , and it 's represented properly online .
And the big question that I 'm doing today is , `` You did this to repeat the experience of going to a museum ? ''
And the answer is no .
It 's to supplement the experience .
And that 's it . Thank you .
Thank you .
Good afternoon .
I have something to show you .
Think of it as a pixel , a flying pixel .
We call it sensitive design .
Let me tell you a little bit about this .
If you look at this picture -- I 'm from Italian backgrounds , all the kids in Italy growing up with this picture on the wall of his bedroom , but the reason I 'm showing you this is something really interesting about Motor racing over the last two decades .
Some time ago , if you wanted to earn a career of Formula 1 , and you took a budget and you 'll take it into a good pilot and a good car .
And if the car and the pilot were good enough , you were making the race .
This is what , in engineering , will become real time control system .
It 's essentially a system that has two components : a sensor and a <unk> .
Now what 's interesting is that the real-time control systems are starting to go into our lives .
Our cities , in the last few years , have been covered with networks and electronics .
They 're getting computers outdoors .
And as such as such , they 're starting to respond differently , and they can be screened and they can be detected .
<unk> cities is big .
As a result , I wanted to mention that cities are only two percent of the planet 's cortex , but they represent 50 percent of the world 's population .
75 percent of the energy consumption -- to 80 percent of the CO2 emissions .
If we could do something with cities , it would be something big .
Beyond the cities , all these detections and <unk> are coming into our everyday objects .
This is from an exhibit of Paola <unk> for the late MoMA at MoMA , during the summer .
It 's called `` uncle '' .
Well , our objects , the environment , they start to speak to us .
In a way , it 's as if most of the atoms that are existing there would be sensors and actuators .
And that 's completely changing the interaction that we have with the outside environment .
It 's almost like the old <unk> of Michelangelo .
You know , when Michelangelo named the Moses , he said , he said , he took the hammer , and he <unk> it by Moses -- -- you can still see a small <unk> dent in it , and he said , `` Do you know , do you know , do you know ? )
Well , today , for the first time , our environment begins to speak to us .
And I 'm going to show you just a few examples -- <unk> in the idea of engaging the environment and push something .
Let 's start with detection .
The first project I wanted to share with you is actually one of the first projects in our lab .
This was four and a half years ago in Italy .
It was a summer while in 2006 .
It was the year in which Italy won the World Cup .
Maybe some of them are playing Italy and France , and at the end of the <unk> gave the <unk> .
And anyway , at the end , I won Italy .
Now , let 's see what happened that day by looking at what happened in the network .
Here we see the city .
You see the Coliseum in the middle and the <unk> River .
It 's the morning , before the game .
The timeline is at the top .
In the early afternoon , there are people around here and making calls , moving .
The game starts : silence .
<unk> from France . <unk> from Italy .
<unk> ; people do a quick call to the bathroom .
Second time . End of time .
First time , second .
<unk> , and at a moment , the <unk> .
She wins Italy .
That night , everybody was going to celebrate the center .
There you see the big peak .
The next day , everybody went downtown to the meeting of the winner and the prime minister .
And then everybody went down .
You see the place called <unk> , Massimo where , from the Roman period , people will celebrate ; it 's a great party , you can see the peak at the end of the day .
This is just an example of how you can measure the pulse of the city in a way that we could n't have done a few years ago .
Another quick example of detection : it 's not about people , but what we use and we consume .
Today we know everything about the source of our objects .
This is a map that shows all the chips that make a Mac , how you assemble them .
But we know very little about where things go .
So in this project we developed small tags to track the trash in their shift in the system .
We started with a few volunteers who helped us in Seattle a little more than a year ago , to tag what they were throwing , different kinds of things , as you can see , things that anyway <unk> .
Then we put a little chip , a tag on the trash , and then we started <unk> .
These are the result .
From Seattle .
After a week .
With this information , we realized that there are lots of inefficiencies in the system .
We can do the same thing with much less energy .
These are data that did n't exist before .
They 're happening complicated things and there 's a lot of unnecessary transportation .
But the other thing we believe is that if you look at every single day that the cup that <unk> does n't go away , which is still somewhere on the planet .
If the plastic bottle that we dropped is still there .
That if we show that to people , then we can promote some change behavior .
That was the reason for the project .
My colleague at MIT , <unk> <unk> , could tell us much more about detection and many other great things that we can do with that , but I wanted to go to the second part we talked about at the beginning , which is push over the environment .
And the first project is something we did a couple of years ago in <unk> .
It all started with a question of the mayor of the city , which came and told us that Spain and South Europe has a beautiful tradition of water use in public spaces , in architecture .
And the question was , how can technology , new technology , add to that ?
And one of the ideas that we developed at MIT , in a workshop , was : imagine that you have a trunk and valves , valves 's valves , <unk> <unk> , and they 're opening up .
It 's created like a curtain table , with pixels of water .
If the pixels can be written in them , show patterns , images , texts .
And when we zoom in , the curtain will open up so that we can go through , as you see in the picture .
We introduced this to the mayor <unk> .
He liked it a lot .
And they took a commission to design the building to the entrance to the Expo .
We call it the Digital Water Service .
The whole building is made of water .
There are no windows and windows , but when you 're coming up , it opens up so you can pass it .
The ceiling is also covered in water .
And if there 's a little bit of wind , if you want to minimize the <unk> , you go down the roof .
Or you can close the building and all architecture goes away , like this .
Those days there will always be someone , in the winter , when you go down the roof , someone who was there and said , `` Let 's build the building . ''
No , it 's not that you 've gone down , but when most of the architecture goes away .
Here it is working .
You see people who are going on inside .
And here I am trying to get wet by testing the sensors that open the water .
I think I should tell you what happened one night when all the sensors stopped working .
That night was actually even more fun .
All the kids in <unk> came to the building because the way we interact had changed a little bit .
It was no longer a building that would open up to let you pass , but a building that kept doing breaks and water holes , and you had to jump to you not getting wet .
( Typing noise ) And for us that was really interesting because as architects , engineers , designers , we always think about how people give our designs to our designs .
But then the reality is always unpredictable .
And that 's the beauty of doing things to interact , that people use .
This is a picture of the building with the pixels of the building , the pixels of water , and projections on them .
And this is what led us to think about the next project I 'm going to show you .
Imagine that those pixels could start flying .
Imagine that you could have little helicopters in the air , and that each had just had a little pixel that changes color as if it 's a cloud that 's moving in space .
This is the video .
Imagine a helicopter , like the one we saw before , that moves with others in sync .
We could form this cloud .
And a kind of flexible screen like this with a normal setup in two dimensions .
Or normal , but in three dimensions , where what changes is light , not the missing position .
You can play with a different kind of thing .
Imagine that screen appears at different scales and sizes , in different kinds of resolution .
And then all that could be a cloud of pixels in 3D , where you can zoom in and go through , and see from very different angles .
This is the real <unk> <unk> , going down to form a V , like before .
When the light goes on , it looks like this . The same thing as we saw before .
Imagine each one of them controlled by one person .
We can have every pixel with an input that comes from people , the movement of people , etc. , etc .
I want to show you something for the first time .
We 've been working with <unk> <unk> <unk> of the best ballet dancers today , the star of New York City and <unk> <unk> to capture their 3D movements and use them as input for the <unk> .
Here we can see <unk> dancing .
On the left you see the pixels , it capture the pixels in different resolutions .
It 's so much 3D digitization , like motion capture .
This is the whole movement .
You can go all the way .
And once we have the pixels , we can play with them , with color and motion , with gravity and the rotation .
We want to use this as a possible entry for the <unk> .
I wanted to show you the last project we 're working on .
It 's something for the London Olympics .
It 's called the Cloud .
And the idea is , imagine again , that we could engage people to do something and change our <unk> environment as a fish farm like a barn , but with a cloud .
Imagine that we could make all of them a little bit for a pixel .
And I think the remarkable thing that 's happened in the last few years is that , in the last two decades , we spent the physical world in the digital world .
We 've digitized everything , as knowledge , and it 's accessible to the Internet .
Today , for the first time -- and the Obama campaign , we can move from the digital world , we can move from the digital world , the physical world .
In our case , this may we want to use it to design and make a symbol .
That would mean something built in a city .
But tomorrow can be to address the challenges of today : think about climate change or CO2 emissions . How do we move from the digital world to the physical world ?
The idea is that we can make people involved in doing this together , collectively .
The cloud is a cloud , again , made of pixels in the same way that the real cloud is a particle cloud .
And those particles are water , whereas in our cloud , they 're pixels .
It 's a physical structure in London , but the pixels .
You can move inside , having different experiences .
You can see from the bottom , you can serve to share the main moments of the 2012 Olympics , and even more , and it can be used as a way of connection to the community .
So , it 's both a physical cloud of the sky as something you can go up , like a new top of London .
You can go into there .
As if it was a new digital <unk> at night , but the most important thing is to be a new experience for anyone to go to the top .
Thank you .
Would you like to be better than what they are ?
Suppose I told you that , with only some changes in your genes , you could improve memory -- for a more accurate , more accurate and faster .
Or maybe they 'd like to be in a better way , being stronger , to have more resistance .
Would you like to be more attractive and secure .
How about living more with good health ?
Or maybe be from those people who always wanted to be more creative .
What do you want more ?
What would you like , if you could choose something ?
( Audience Member : Creativity . ) Creativity .
How many people would choose creativity ?
Raise your hand . Let me see .
Few . It probably was due to the number of creative people .
That 's very good .
How many would you choose memory ?
A few more .
And the physical state ?
A little less .
How about longevity ?
Oh , most of them . That makes me feel very well as a doctor .
If you could have some of this , the world would be very different .
Is it just imagination ?
Or maybe it 's possible ?
Evolution has been a theme here at the TED Conference , but today I want to give you a look at a doctor on the subject .
The great geneticist of the 20th century , <unk> . <unk> , which also <unk> in the Church of <unk> <unk> , wrote an essay called `` Nothing in biology makes sense except the light from Evolution . ''
But if you effectively accept biological evolution , consider this : Is it just the past , or the future ?
Is it about the other or us ?
This is another look at the tree of life .
The human part of this branch , well at one end , it 's , of course , the most interesting one we 're interested in .
<unk> from a common ancestor with modern chimpanzees about six or eight million years ago .
In the interval there have been maybe 20 25 species of hominids .
Some of them have gone .
We 've been here for a few <unk> years .
It might seem like we 're far away from other parts of this tree of life , but actually , mostly the basic machinery of our cells is more or less the same .
Do you realize that we can harness and control the machinery of a common bacterium to produce the human insulin to treat diabetes ?
This is not like human insulin , but it 's the same protein , we 're chemically indistinguishable from the pancreas that comes out of the pancreas .
And talking about bacteria -- they realize that we all carry on the most bacteria that the cells we have in the rest of the body ?
Maybe 10 times more .
I mean , think -- when Antonio cups you think about the <unk> -- think about bacteria ?
The gut is a wonderfully hospitable environment for those bacteria .
It 's warm , dark , moist , it 's very welcoming .
And we 're going to provide them all the nutrients that they can want to do without the effort of their part .
It 's really like a rapid pathway for bacteria in the occasional <unk> of some rush <unk> towards the output .
But , for the rest , we are a wonderful environment for those bacteria in the same way that they are essential for our life .
They help digest essential nutrients , and they protect us from certain diseases .
But what are the future lies ?
Are we in a kind of evolutionary balance as a species ?
Or was it meant to become something different , something perhaps better adapted to the environment ?
In this vast symphony , <unk> of the universe , life on Earth is like a brief compass -- the animal kingdom , as one and unique life -- and human life , a little bit of grace .
That was us .
And it was also the entertaining part of this talk , so I hope they 've enjoyed it .
When I was just to graduate college , I had my first class of biology .
I was fascinated by elegance and beauty of biology .
I fell in love with the power of evolution , and I realized something fundamental : in most of the existence of life , in the population organisms , each cell is simply splitting and all the genetic energy of that cell is transmitting to the two daughters .
But when the multicellular organisms appear , things start to change .
It enters sexual reproduction .
And something very important : with the emergence of sexual reproduction that the genome passes , the rest of the body becomes <unk> .
In fact , you might say that the inevitability of the death of the body is going into evolution at the same moment of sexual reproduction .
I have to tell you that when I was a college student , I thought , well , <unk> , <unk> , death by sex ; it seemed pretty reasonable at that time , but with every year that was happening , every time I had more doubts .
I came to understand the feelings of George Burns , who still did in Vegas in his 90s .
And one night someone hits their front door .
He opens the door .
In front of him , you find a magnificent dancer <unk> of clothes .
He looks at it , and he says , `` I came up with a `` soup of sex . ''
`` All right , '' he says George , `` I pick the soup . ''
I realized , as a doctor , who was working on a different aim , the goal of evolution -- not necessarily counterintuitive , just different .
I was trying to preserve the body .
I wanted you to be healthy .
I wanted to restore health in the disease .
I wanted it to live more and more healthy .
Evolution is going to pass the genome into the next generation , adapting and generation after generation .
From an evolutionary standpoint , you and I are as <unk> rockets to send the genetic burden to the next orbital level , and then let us fall into the sea .
I think we all knew the feeling that we put Woody Allen when he said , `` I do n't want to get immortality through my work .
I want to do it not dying . ''
Evolution does n't necessarily favors longevity .
It does n't necessarily favors the biggest or the strongest or faster or even more intelligent .
Evolution encourages the creatures better adapted to their environment .
That 's the only proof of survival and success .
At the bottom of the ocean , the pathogenic bacteria that can survive the heat of the <unk> that would produce , if there were fish there , fish baked fish , but they 've managed to make that a welcoming environment .
So what does this mean , when we look at what 's happening in evolution , and if we come back to think about the place of humans in evolution , and in particular , if we look forward , the next phase -- ? I would say there 's a lot of possibilities .
The first one is that we do n't know .
We 've reached a kind of balance .
And the reasoning behind this would be that through medicine , first of all , we 've known to preserve lots of genes that otherwise would have been discarded and shot from the population .
And secondly , as a species , we 've made our environment made to fit us as well as we can adapt to it .
And by the way , we migrated into it , we migrated , and we become aware that it 's no longer possible to have the necessary isolation for evolution to happen .
A second possibility is that there is an evolution of the traditional , natural type of kind , dictated by the forces of nature .
And the argument here would be : that the gears of evolution roll slowly , but they 're <unk> .
And in terms of isolation , when the species <unk> distant planets are going to exist and the environmental changes that can produce evolution naturally .
But there 's a third possibility , an attractive , intriguing possibility .
I call it <unk> , the new evolution , which is not simply natural -- but if we pick and pick for us as individuals in the decisions we 'll take .
Now , how could this happen ?
How could we do this ?
We first consider the reality that many people today , in some cultures , are making decisions about their offspring .
In some cultures , they 're choosing to have more males than women .
It 's not necessarily good for society , but it 's what you choose at the individual and family level .
Just think that if you could be able to choose not just the sex of your offspring , but in your own body making the genetic modifications to cure or prevent diseases .
What if we could make genetic changes to remove diabetes or Alzheimer 's or reduce the risk of cancer or remove the stroke ?
Would n't you want to make those changes in your genes ?
If you look into the future that kind of changes is going to be more and more possible .
The Human Genome Project started in 1990 and demanded 13 years .
<unk> <unk> million dollars .
The next year of being done , in 2004 , I could do the same work for 20 million dollars in three four months .
Today , you can get a full sequence of the three base pairs of the human genome at a very close cost at $ 20,000 and a week .
Not too much to make that the human genome will be made for $ 1,000 and more and more to reach for everyone .
These changes come from .
The same technology that has produced human insulin in bacteria can make viruses that are not only going to protect us , but they 're going to induce other viruses .
Believe it or there 's not an experimental trial to work with the influenza vaccine growing in cells from a tobacco plant .
Can you imagine something good coming out of tobacco ?
That 's reality today and the future is going to be more and more possible .
Imagine then just another two little changes .
Can we change the cells from their bodies , but if they could change their offspring cells ?
What if they could change sperm and eggs , or change the <unk> egg , and give their children a better chance of a healthier life , remove the diabetes , remove the risk of cancer ?
Who does n't want to be healthier ?
And then that same analytical technology , that same engine of science that can produce the changes to prevent diseases is going to allow us to also adopt <unk> -- a better memory .
Why not have the ingenuity of an Ken Jennings on everything if you could get them with the next generation of machine Watson ?
Why not have a <unk> muscle faster than allowed us to run faster and distance ?
Why not live longer ?
This is going to be compelling .
And when we 're in conditions to pass this into the next generation and we can adopt the attributes that we wanted to be evolution of before in <unk> .
We 're going to take a process that normally could take 100,000 years and compress that down to 1,000 years , and maybe within the next 100 years .
These are choices that their grandchildren , or the grandchildren of their grandchildren , are going to have them .
Are we going to use these options for a better , more successful , more successful society ?
Or , are we going to selectively choose different attributes that we want for some of us but not for others ?
Are we going to build a society that is more boring and more , or more robust and more maneuverable ?
This is the kind of question we 're going to have to face .
And the deepest thing about it : Are we going to be able to develop wisdom and inherit the wisdom needed to make these decisions wisely ?
For good or evil , and before you think , these choices are going to depend on us .
Thank you .
Imagine a big bang when you 're at 900 feet .
Imagine an airplane full of smoke .
Imagine an engine , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> .
<unk> , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> .
Well , I had a single seat that day . I was sitting in the <unk> .
It was the only one I could talk about flight assistants .
So I immediately looked at them , and they said , `` No problem . You will probably hit some birds . ''
The pilot had already cracked the plane , and we were n't so far away .
You could see Manhattan .
Two minutes later , three things happened at the same time .
The pilot would take the plane with the Hudson River .
Mostly that 's not the route .
<unk> the motors .
Imagine being in an airplane and no noises .
And then he said three words .
The three more words I 've ever heard of .
He said , `` <unk> for the impact . ''
I did n't have to talk more with the flight assistant .
I was able to see it in his eyes .
It was terror . Life was finished .
I want to share with you three things I learned about myself that day .
I learned that everything changes in an instant .
We have this list of things to do before we die , these things that we want to make in life , and I thought about all the people I wanted to come up and I did n't , all the fences that I wanted to have , all the experiences I 've wanted to have , and I never had .
As I thought about that later , I was a phrase , which is , `` I collect bad wine . ''
Because if the wine is ready , and the person is there , I 'm going to open it up .
I do n't want to do anything in life anymore .
And that urgency , that purpose , really has changed my life .
The second thing I learned that day -- and this is as the George Washington bridge , which was not for a lot -- I thought about , I really feel a big spite of it .
I 've lived a good life .
In my humanity and my errors have tried to improve everything I did .
But in my humanity , as well as my ego is also .
And I 'm sorry the time I wasted in things that did n't matter to people who matter .
And I thought about my relationship with my wife , with my friends , with people .
And then , like <unk> in that , I decided to remove the negative energy of my life .
It 's not perfect , but it 's much better .
In two years I have n't had a fight with my wife .
It feels like wonders .
I 'm not trying to be right ; I 'll be happy .
The third thing I learned -- and this is like your mental clock is going to be <unk> , `` 15 , 14 , 13 . ''
You see the water 's coming .
I 'm saying , `` Please fly . ''
I do n't want this to break in 20 pieces as you see in those documentaries .
And while I was <unk> , I had the sense of , wow , I 'm not afraid of fear .
It 's almost like we 've been <unk> for that all our life .
But it was very sad .
I did n't want to go ; I love my life .
And that sadness is <unk> in a single thought , which is , just wish one thing .
I wish I could see my children grow .
A month later , I was in a performance of my daughter -- first grade , not much of the artistic talent -- still . And I scream , I cry , like a small one .
And for me , that was the whole reason of being the world .
In that point , I understood that two points , that the only thing that matters in my life is to be a great father .
For most of all , the only goal I have in life is to be a good father .
One miracle was gave me a miracle , not dying that day .
And it was given me another gift , which was the possibility of looking at the future and back and live in another way .
You 're flying today , challenge you to imagine that the same thing is going on in your airplane -- and please do n't be that -- but how do you change ?
What do they do , they still expect to do because they think they 're going to live forever ?
How would you change your relationships and your negative energy in them ?
And most importantly , are the best parents who can ?
Thank you .
I 've clearly been blessed with a lot of amazing projects .
But the most exciting one that I worked on was for this guy .
The guy is called <unk> .
<unk> was one of the most important <unk> in the '80s .
One day he came to his house after running , and he said , `` Dad , I 'm tingling . ''
And that was the start of ALS .
<unk> has total paralysis .
It can only use the eyes .
His job influenced me .
I have a design company and animation , so , obviously , graffiti is something we kind of admire and we respect in the world of art .
So we decided we were going to go to Tony , <unk> , and to its cause .
So I went and met with his brother and father , and I said , `` Let 's give you this money .
What are you going to do with him ? ''
And his brother said , `` I just want to be able to talk to Tony again .
I just want to be able to communicate with it , and that he will be able to communicate with me . ''
And I said , `` A second , is n't you looking at Stephen <unk> , is not that all people with paralysis can be able to communicate through those devices ? ''
And he said , `` No , unless you 're somebody important and you have a very good one , you ca n't actually do it .
These devices are not affordable for the people . ''
And I said , `` Well , how do they communicate ? ''
Do you see the movie `` Will <unk> and butterfly ? ''
They communicate in that way -- they 're going inserted to your finger .
I said , `` That 's archaic . How can it be ? ''
So I presented to the only desire to deliver a check and instead of that signed a check that had no idea how I was going to cover it .
I committed to her brother and her father there at that very moment , `` All right , this is the deal : Tony 's going to talk , we 're going to build a machine , and we 're going to find a way to make his art again .
Because it 's ridiculous that someone who has so much inside you can not communicate . ''
So I talked about a conference a couple of months later .
I met these guys called `` <unk> Research Lab , '' which have a technology that allows them to project a light on any surface , and then with a laser pointer , they draw on that and recorded the negative space .
So they go around making art installations like this .
All the things that come up , they say , they 're part of a cycle of life .
They start with the sex organs , then with the bad words , then with the Bush attacks , and at the end , people start doing art .
But there was always a cycle of life in his presentations .
And so the journey started .
And about two years later , about a year later , after a lot of organization and a lot of moving things on one side , we had a couple of things .
One , we touch the gates of the insurance companies , and we got a machine so that <unk> could communicate , a machine as Stephen Hawking .
Which was great .
And seriously , it 's more fun ; I call it <unk> because when I talk to the guy , you get an email from it , and you say , `` I do n't deserve it . This guy 's fantastic . ''
The other thing we did was we bring seven programmers from all the world 's <unk> of all the <unk> to our house .
My wife , kids and I , we moved to the garage garage and these hackers and programmers and <unk> and <unk> took control of the house .
A lot of our friends thought that we did something completely stupid , and that when you were , you would have taken the boxes from the walls and in place that would be graffiti .
But for two weeks , we went down to the shipping walk in Venice , my son was part , my dog too , and we created this .
It 's called <unk> , and you can see the description .
They 're a pair of cheap Sun that we bought at the shipping walk in Venice Beach , some kind of copper wire and things from Home <unk> and Radio Shack .
We take a <unk> camera , we open it up , we set up on an LED light , and now there 's a device that 's free -- and it builds yourself yourself ; we release the code that 's going down in a free way .
And we created a device that has no limitation at all .
There 's no security company that says `` no . ''
There 's no hospital that I can say , `` No . ''
Any person with paralysis today has access to draw and communicate using just their eyes .
Thank you .
Thank you very much . That was awesome .
So at the end of the two weeks , we went back to the <unk> room .
I love this picture because this photo is the other person 's room , and that 's his room .
There was all this <unk> and <unk> during the big opening .
And after a year of planning , two weeks of programming , intense singing days of all night , Tony came back to draw for the first time in seven years .
And this is a wonderful picture because this is the support system of her life , and it 's looking through the support system of his life .
We ran out the bed so that I could see .
And we put a projector on a wall of the outside hospital park .
And he went back to draw for the first time in front of his family and friends -- and you can imagine what the feeling was in the parking lot .
The funny thing was that we had to carry on the parking lot , so we feel like we were <unk> <unk> as well .
At the end of this , he sent us an email , and this was what said to us , `` This was the first time I was drawing in seven years .
I felt like I 'd been underwater , and somebody was finally going to come and get me out there so I could breathe . ''
Is n't it wonderful ?
In some ways that 's our war scream .
That 's what keeps us moving , developing .
And we have a long way to go with this .
It 's a great device , but it 's the equivalent of a program .
Someone with this artistic potential deserves a lot more .
So we 're trying to figure out how to improve it and make it faster and robust .
Since then , we 've had all kinds of recognition .
We 've won a lot of awards .
Remember , it 's free ; none of us is making money with this .
Everything comes out of our own pockets .
The prize were like , `` Oh , this is fantastic . ''
Armstrong I tweeted something about us and then , in December , Time magazine acknowledged us as one in the 50 best inventions of 2010 , and it was really cool .
The best thing about that -- and this is what ends up from closing the <unk> is that in April this year on the Bay Area in downtown Los Angeles is going to be an exhibition called Art in <unk> .
And `` Art in <unk> '' is going to have the best <unk> of urban art , <unk> , <unk> <unk> , <unk> all of them are going to be there .
<unk> will be on the show , which is pretty impressive .
So basically this is my idea : if you see something that 's not possible , do it possible .
None of the things that there 's in this room was possible -- the stage , the computer , the microphone , the <unk> , nothing was possible at some point .
Do it happen -- anything in this room .
I 'm not a programmer , I never did anything with eye recognition technology -- I just recognized something and I was obsessed with wonderful people to make it happen .
And these are the questions I want you to do every day when we 're going to find ourselves with something we feel like to do . If it 's not right now , when ? And if I 'm not , who ?
Thank you guys .
I 've spent the last few years in situations very difficult and at the same time as much dangerous .
I went to prison -- hard .
I worked in a coal mine -- dangerous .
It 's in war and dangerous .
And I spent 30 days eating just this -- fun at first , something difficult in the middle , very dangerous in the end .
In fact , in a lot of my career , I 've been <unk> in situations in horrible appearance with the only goal of dealing with , to look at social issues in ways that are just attractive , interesting , and hopefully analyze it in a way that you see cool and affordable for the audience .
So when I knew I 'd come here to do a TEDTalk on the world of brands and sponsorship wanted to do something a little bit differently .
So , some of you may have heard it , or not , a couple of weeks ago , I took a warning in <unk> .
I sent some messages on Facebook , some on Twitter , I offered the rights for the name of my TEDTalk in 2011 .
What was the following thing : `` You know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know ,
But said this , it 's a very good media opportunity . ''
Do you know how many people look at these TEDTalks ?
Lots of .
It 's a progress title , by the way .
So even with that <unk> , I knew somebody was going to buy the rights of the name .
If you had asked me a year ago , I could n't tell you for sure .
But in the new film I 'm working on , we examined the world of marketing , of advertising .
And as I said before , I 've been in horrible situations over the last few years , but nothing could be made up , nothing could be done , for something that was so difficult or as dangerous as to enter the rooms with these guys .
You see , I had this idea for a movie .
Morgan <unk> : I want to make a film that was about the <unk> of products , marketing and advertising , and that everybody made up with <unk> products , marketing and advertising .
The film is going to call the `` The largest film ever . ''
What happens in `` The largest film ever sold '' is that it 's all up at the bottom , beginning to end , has images of brand , all the time , from the <unk> that appears before the title , the brand X .
Now this brand , <unk> House , the <unk> Center .
These people had been <unk> the film in forever .
And so the film is exploring all this idea . ( Michael <unk> : It 's redundant ) . Is it what ? ( MK : It 's redundant . ''
I 'm a redundancy . MK : I 'm just saying it . It was more by emphasis .
It was `` submerged . forever . ''
But we 're not just going to have the antique sponsor of the brand X , but we 're going to make sure we 're burning all the categories that we could in the film .
Maybe we sell a shoe , and it becomes the most cool shoe you used .
The most cool car you 've driven in `` The largest film ever sold , '' the best drink than you have drunk from `` The largest film ever sold . ''
<unk> <unk> : The idea is then also to show the brands as a part of life , making them <unk> the film ? ( MS : Doing the film . ) MS : And we actually show the full process of how it works .
The goal of the film is transparency .
You 'll see the whole process in this movie .
That 's the whole idea , the whole film , beginning to end .
And I would love to help make it help make it happen .
Robert Friedman : You know , it 's funny because it 's the first time I hear that -- is the maximum respect for the audience .
<unk> : But I do n't know how responsive people are going to be .
<unk> : You 've got a perspective -- I do n't know if `` angle '' is very <unk> , but you know how it 's going to resonate ? ( MS : No idea ) David <unk> : How much money does it need to do this ?
MS : A million and a half . ( D.C. : All right . ) ( D.C. : Okay . ) John Kamen : I think it 's going to be difficult to meet them , but that certainly is going to be worth convincing a pair of big marks .
<unk> : Who knows , maybe for the moment that the movie is going to look at us as a lot of joyful idiots .
MS : What do you think is going to be the answer ?
Stuart <unk> : Most of the answers will be `` no . ''
MS : But to be hard for selling it , for the film or being me ?
JK : So two things .
MS : That means you 're not very optimistic .
So , do you help me ? I need help .
MK : I can help .
MS : All right . ( MK : Okay . ) Awesome .
MK : We have to think of which brands .
MS : Yes .
MK : We 've got some places to go . ( MS : Okay . ) Let 's get the camera .
MS : I thought , `` shuts down the camera , '' meant we have a conversation outside .
<unk> the camera means , `` We do n't want to know anything about your film . ''
MS : And so it was , one of these companies suddenly disappeared .
None of them wanted to have anything to do with this film .
I was surprised .
They did n't want to know about this project .
And I was very impressed ; I thought the concept of advertising , was to present the product to as many people as possible , making as many people as possible .
Especially in the world today , this intersection of new media and old media and the stage in separate media , is not the idea to have that new vehicle worthy of attention that is going to bring the message to the masses ?
No , that 's what I thought .
But the problem was , you see , that my idea had a <unk> error and that error was this .
Actually , there was no such error .
There was no mistake at all .
This would have been okay .
But the problem is what this picture represents .
You see , when you 're looking for Google <unk> , this is one of the first pictures that come up .
I like the way to roll , Sergey Brin . No .
This was the problem : transparency -- or deception , you easily detected or seen ; it 's easily seen , which is characterized by the visibility or access access to information , especially in business practices -- being the last line , the last line maybe the biggest line .
You see , we heard a lot about transparency in these days .
Our politicians name , the president claims , even the CEOs name .
But suddenly when it comes to a reality , something changes a sudden .
But why ? Well , transparency is fear -- like that weird bear that 's still <unk> .
It 's unpredictable -- it 's like this rare rural path .
And it 's too risky .
What else is a risky ?
He took a whole bowl of <unk> <unk> .
That 's very risky .
When I started talking to companies and tell them that we wanted to tell this story , and they said , `` No , we want you to tell <unk> . '
We want you to tell a story , but you tell <unk> . ''
See , when I was a kid , and my father caught me into some lie -- and there he is he staring at me as he said , `` Son , there 's three sides in every story .
There 's your story , is my story , and there 's the real story . ''
As you can see , in this film , we wanted to tell the real story .
But with only one company , a agency wanting to help me -- and that just because I knew John Bond and Richard <unk> from many years -- I realized that I would have to go on my own , I would have to take the aside , I would have to take the businesses myself with all my team .
So what I started to warn you all of a sudden -- and I started to give me <unk> is that when you start talking to the companies , the idea of understanding your brand is a universal problem .
MS : I have friends who make big , huge , giant films that make small , independent films like mine .
And my friends who do big Hollywood films , they say the reason why their films are so successful is because of the associated brands that they have .
And then my friends who make independent films say , `` Well , how are we supposed to compete with these big , giant Hollywood movies ? ''
And the film is called `` The largest movie ever sold . ''
How are we going to look specifically in the movie ?
Every time I 'm out there , every time I open my <unk> , you 'll see the deodorant Ki-moon .
At any time during an interview with someone , can I say , `` Are you fine cool for this interview ?
Are you ready ? You see you a little bit nervous .
So , I want to help you get it to you .
Maybe you should get a little bit of this before the interview . ''
And he would offer one of these wonderful <unk> .
Both `` <unk> <unk> '' like `` Paradise on paradise '' are going to have their opportunity .
We 're going to have so much for man as a woman -- solid , to <unk> , on bar .
That 's the general look .
Now I can answer your questions and give you a look at <unk> .
Karen Frank : We 're a small brand .
It 's similar to the kind of smaller movies that you actually have , we 're rather a rival brand .
So we do n't have the budget that have other brands .
So to do things like that , you know , remind people , is the reason why we 're interested in .
MS : What words would use to describe Ban ?
Ban is in white .
KF : That 's a big question .
Volunteer : higher tech .
MS : Technology is not the way you want to describe something that you 're going to put into the <unk> .
Man : We talk about a bold , cool thing .
I think `` cool '' is a great word that really puts this category in positive versus `` combat '' and <unk> .
It keeps you cool .
How do we keep ourselves fresh time ? With better freshness , more freshness , three times as cool .
Things like those to highlight the benefits .
MS : And that 's a <unk> company .
What about me ? What 's a common guy ?
I need to talk to the street man , people like me , to the common <unk> .
They have to talk to me about my brand .
MS : How do you define your brand ?
Man : Mmm my brand ?
I do n't know .
I like good clothes .
Woman : revive the 1980s , punk punk <unk> , unless it 's a laundry day .
MS : All right , what is the <unk> brand ?
<unk> : Something else . MS : One -- Man : I guess the kind of gender , the style I have would be like a dark <unk> .
I like a lot of dark colors , many gray things and things like that .
They usually have accessories like sunglasses , or I like crystals and similar .
Woman : If Dan was a brand , he could be a classic <unk> , Mercedes Benz .
Man 2 : The brand I 'm , I would call it a casual <unk> .
Woman : In part of a hippie , partly <unk> , partly <unk> Brooklyn , I do n't know .
Man 3 : I 'm the pet type .
They would take toys for pets in the country and in the world .
So I guess that 's my brand .
In my small sector , that 's my brand .
Man 4 : My brand is FedEx because they deliver the stock .
Man 5 : Nation <unk> .
Is that something ?
<unk> : I 'm a lawyer .
Tom : I 'm Tom .
MS : Well , not all of us can be brand , Tom , but I often sit at the intersection of dark <unk> , ' and <unk> .
I realized I needed an expert .
He needed someone who could get into my head , someone who could help me understand what they call the `` brand personality . ''
And I found a company called Olson Pittsburgh in Pittsburgh .
They helped him companies like <unk> , <unk> , Hallmark to discover that personality of brand .
If they could do it for them , they surely could do it for me .
<unk> : <unk> the pictures , right ?
MS : Yeah . The first picture is a familiar picture .
A : Tell me a little bit about how it relates to your thoughts and feelings your way to be .
MS : These people shape my way to see the world .
A : Tell me about that world .
MS : That world ? I think your world is the world that you live in -- like the people around you , your friends , your family , the way you live in your life , the work you do .
All of those things come from and they start in a place , and in my case comes from and they start in my family , in West Virginia .
A : What 's the next one you want to talk about ?
MS : The next one is , `` This was the best day of my life . ''
A : How does this relate to your thoughts , feelings and your way to be ?
MS : It 's like who would like to be me .
I like different things .
I like weird things . I like weird things .
A : Tell me of the `` why '' -- what does that work for us ?
What 's the machete ? How of <unk> is you now ?
Why is it important ? What is the red ?
Tell me a little bit about that .
... a little bit more than you , which is not who you are .
What other <unk> have you had ?
You do n't have to be afraid . What kind of rollercoaster are you ?
MS : <unk> ! ( A : Thank you . ) No , thank you .
A : Thank you for your patience . ( MS : Great work . ) A : Yeah . ( MS : Thank you . ) All right .
MS : Yes , I do n't know what 's going to come out of this .
There was a lot of madness all over this .
<unk> <unk> : The first thing I saw was this idea that there are two different sides , but complimentary , on your brand personality -- Morgan Morgan 's brand is a <unk> brand .
They 're very good together .
And I think there 's almost a paradox in them .
And I think some companies are just going to take place on one of their strong points or on the other instead of focusing on both .
A lot of companies are going to be able to avoid the things that are not safe ; they avoid fear , those elements , and you 're actually breeding them and make something positive for you , and it 's nice to see that .
What other brands are that ?
The first here is the classic , Apple .
And you can also see here in Target , Wii , Mini of Mini <unk> and <unk> .
Now there are playful and brands conscious brands , those things that have gone and come from , but a <unk> is something pretty powerful .
MS : A <unk> brand . What is your brand ?
If someone asks you to make your brand identity , your brand personality , what would it be ?
Are you a bottom-up attribute ? Are you somebody who makes blood flow ?
Or are you more a downward attribute ?
A little quieter , reserved , conservative ?
<unk> attributes are like being playful to be fresh , like <unk> , contemporary , adventurous , bold or bold , like <unk> <unk> , rapid or agile , objective , dominant , magic or mystic as <unk> .
Or are you more from attribute to attribute ?
Are you conscious , sophisticated as <unk> ?
Are you set , traditional , provider , protective ? Do you identify Oprah ?
Are you reliable , stable , familiar , safe , secure , sacred , contemplative or wise , like the Dalai Lama or <unk> ?
In the course of this film , we had over 500 companies , bottom-up and descending , which said , `` No , '' they did n't want to be part of this project .
They did n't want to have anything to do with this film , mainly because they had no control , no control over the final product .
They allowed us to tell the story of the <unk> , and we got to tell the story in this film of how they are now using MRI , to identify the centers of the desire for commercial marketing , and commercial marketing .
We went to St. Paulo where they have banned outdoors in the open .
In the entire city for the last five years , there 's no fences , there 's no posters , there 's nothing , nothing .
And we went to school districts where companies are getting path in schools with liquidity problems in America .
The amazing thing to me is that the projects that I 've had the biggest answer , or that I 've been more successful , are the ones that I 've interacted with things directly .
And that 's what these marks did .
<unk> the intermediaries , they took off their agencies , and they said maybe these agencies do n't have my best interest in mind .
I 'm going to treat directly with the artist .
I 'm going to work with him to create something different , something that is going to challenge people , which is going to challenge the way we look at the world .
And how does it go ? Did they succeed ?
Well , since the film was released at the Sundance Festival , let 's take a look .
As a film was released in January , and since then -- -- and this is not <unk> , we 've had 900 million impressions in the media for this film .
It covers just a period of two and a half weeks .
That 's just online -- no press , no TV .
The film is still not going off .
It 's still not online . It 's not in <unk> .
It 's not even been presented in other countries yet .
Ultimately , this film has already begun to gain momentum .
And it 's not bad because almost all the agencies that we 're talking about , you know , <unk> your customers not to be part .
I 've always believed that if you risk , if you take risks , that in those risks there are opportunities .
I think when you get out of the people that are pushing it to failure .
I think when you train their employees at the risk of risk is preparing their entire company to be a lack of rewards .
I feel that what has to happen to move forward is that we need to encourage people to take the risk .
We need to encourage people who are not afraid of the opportunities that they can afford .
Ultimately , I 'm going to move forward , I think we need to bring it to fear .
We have to put that bear in a cage .
Let 's fear the fear . Let 's get the risk .
From the same time , we have to embrace risk .
And ultimately , we have to harbor transparency .
More than a little bit of honesty is going to go a long way .
And said this , with honesty and transparency , all of my talk : `` The Transparency '' has been presented by my good friends who were dollars bought the rights for the name on <unk> .
<unk> : <unk> big data in great opportunities for companies around the world .
<unk> presents the Transparency .
Thank you very much .
June Cohen : So , Morgan , on behalf of transparency , that happened exactly with those $ Nations ?
MS : It 's an exceptional question .
In my pocket , I have a check to the name of the TED matrix , the Sapling Foundation , a check for $ dean 's check to be applied to my head for TED next year .
The idea behind the online computer worm is actually very simple .
We do n't want Iran to get the nuclear bomb .
Their biggest asset to develop nuclear weapons is the <unk> plant in <unk> .
The gray boxes that you see are real-time control systems .
If we were able to compromise these systems that control speeds and valves , we can have a lot of problems with the centrifuge .
High boxes do n't use Windows , they 're from a completely different technology .
But if you can put a cash virus out of Windows on a laptop used by an engineer to set up this gray box , then we 're ready .
This is the plan behind Stuxnet .
We started with a Windows <unk> .
<unk> enters the gray box , damages the centrifuge , and the Iranian nuclear program is <unk> ; mission accomplished .
It 's easy , huh ?
I want to tell you how we discover this .
When we started researching about Stuxnet about six months ago , the purpose was completely unknown .
The only thing I knew is that it 's very , very complex in the Windows part : the <unk> used multiple <unk> <unk> .
It seemed like to do something with these gray boxes , these control systems .
That was called us attention , and we started an experiment in which you infect our environment with Stuxnet , and we saw what was going on with this .
So they spent very strange things .
Stuxnet actually behaves as a rat rat who did n't like our cheese : it 's the wave , but I did n't want to eat .
It did n't make sense for me .
And after experiment with different flavors of cheese , I realized , and I thought , `` This is an attack run .
It 's completely run . ''
The <unk> is actively seeking in the gray box if it finds a specific configuration , and even if the program that 's trying to infect it 's actually working on that place .
If no , Stuxnet does nothing .
So that called my attention , and we started working on this almost 24 hours a day , because I thought , `` We do n't know what the target is . ''
It could be , say , for example , a U.S. energy plant , or a chemical plant in Germany .
Maybe we 'll get the goal soon .
So we pulled out and put the code into attack , and we found that it was structured digital bombs : a small and a big one .
We also found that they were very professionally armed with people who obviously had all the internal information .
I would take all the points for you to attack .
You probably even know how much matches the operator .
So you know everything .
And if you 've heard that the rate of Stuxnet is complex and high-tech , let me tell you the burden is very complex .
It 's very above everything we 've seen before .
Here you see a sample of this attack code .
We 're talking about 15,000 lines of code .
It looks pretty much like the old assembler language .
I want to tell you how we could find meaning to this code .
What we were looking at at first were called the functions of the system , because we know what they do .
Then we were looking for <unk> and data structures , and we were trying to <unk> them with the real world , with potential goals of the real world .
We need theories about recipients that we could approve of or adapt them .
To get to theories about goals , we remember that it is definitely a violent non-violent , it must be a valuable target , and it 's probably located in Iran , because that 's where most of the infections have been <unk> .
You do n't find a number of thousands of targets in that area .
It basically boils down to the nuclear power plant of <unk> and the <unk> plant .
So I said to my assistant , `` Let 's take a list of all experts in <unk> and energy plants between our clients . ''
I called them and I consulted them in an effort to protect their experience with what we find in code and data .
And it worked pretty well .
So we were able to associate the little digital <unk> with the control of rotor it .
rotor is that part of a mobile part inside the centrifuge , that black object you see .
If you run the speed of this rotor , you can certainly be able to make the centrifuge explode .
What we also saw is that the goal of the attack was to make it slow and <unk> in an obvious effort to go back to the nest maintenance engineers , so they could n't solve this very quickly .
We tried to decipher the big digital script by looking at the data and its structures .
So , for example , the <unk> number is sticking out in that code , you ca n't afford it .
I started researching scientific literature on how these <unk> are built in <unk> and found that they are structured in what 's called a waterfall , and every waterfall contains <unk> <unk> .
That made sense , there was a coincidence .
And it got better yet .
These <unk> in Iran are divided into 15 parts called stages .
And guess what we found in the attack code ?
An almost identical structure .
So again , that was a good coincidence .
This gave us a lot of trust in understanding what we had in between .
For no misunderstanding , it was n't .
The results have been collected after several weeks of hard work .
That 's routinely <unk> ends , and we had to go back and start .
And yet , we found that both digital warheads were going to look at one and same goal , but from different angles .
A little bit of it is taking a waterfall , and by turning these rainbows and <unk> , and the big <unk> communicates with six waterfalls and manipulating valves .
In addition , we 're very confident that we 've been given what the recipient is .
It 's <unk> , and it 's just <unk> .
We should not worry about other targets to be <unk> by Stuxnet .
Here I 'm showing you some very interesting things that we saw , really impressed me .
There 's the gray box , and the top you see the <unk> .
What this thing is doing is the input values of the sensors , for example , of pressure sensors and vibration code and provides legitimate code , which still run during the attack , with false input data .
And believe it or not , this false entry data is <unk> by Stuxnet .
It 's like the Hollywood movies that , during the robbery , the security camera is fed <unk> .
Is it great ?
The idea here is obviously not just hitting the operators in the fourth control room .
It 's really much more dangerous and aggressive .
The idea is a digital safety system .
We need digital security systems where a human operator could n't play fast .
For example , on a energy plant , when the big steam turbine is spinning , you have to open up valves 's valves .
Obviously , this ca n't make it a human operator .
That 's where we need digital security systems .
And when they 're engaged , then they can pass bad things .
The plant can exploit .
And I 'm not the security system , or the security system you 'll notice .
That scares it .
But it can be worse .
What I 'm going to say is very important .
Think about this . This attack is generic .
It has nothing to do , specifically , with <unk> , with <unk> .
It could also work , for example , on a energy plant , or in a automotive factory .
It 's generic .
And you do n't have -- as an attacker , that disseminate this burden with a USB key , as we saw in the case of Stuxnet .
You could also use conventional <unk> technology .
<unk> as possible .
And if you made that , with what you do , with a <unk> of mass destruction .
That 's the consequence we need to face .
Unfortunately , the biggest number of goals for such attacks is not in the Middle East .
It 's in the United States and in Japan .
All the green areas are spaces with large numbers of goals .
We need to deal with the consequences , and better than we 're going to make up .
Thank you .
Chris Anderson : I have a question .
Ralph , there 's been public in many sides that people assume that <unk> is the main entity behind this .
What is your opinion ?
Ralph <unk> : Okay , do you really want to hear this ?
Yeah . Okay .
My view is that the <unk> is involved , but the engine is not Israel .
The engine behind this is cyber superpower .
There 's one one , and that 's the United States , fortunately , fortunately , fortunately .
Because otherwise our problems would be even older .
CA : Thank you for <unk> . Thank you , Ralph .
So I want you to imagine a robot that you can take , and that gives you a little bit of <unk> skills , or another one that makes users of a wheelchair users and go back to walk .
In <unk> <unk> , we call these robots , exoskeletons .
It 's nothing different from something that gets put in the morning , gives you a big force , which also increases its speed , and help him , for example , how to manage balance .
It 's actually the real integration of the man and the machine .
But not only that -- it can integrate it and connected with the universe and other foreign entities .
This is not an unreal idea .
So to show you now what we 're working on , we started talking about the American soldier who , on average , should take over his back , a 45 pound load , and he 's pushing them on even more equipment .
Obviously , this leads to some important complications -- injuries on the back , 30 percent of the soldiers -- with chronic damage damage .
So we decided to contemplate this challenge and create a exoskeleton that could help handle the issue .
Let me introduce you to the <unk> -- or <unk> Human <unk> Universal .
Soldier : The exoskeleton 's exoskeleton , I can carry 90 kilos for variable land for many hours .
Their flexible design , allows herself to put up crawling and running the full agility movements .
<unk> what I want to do , or where I want to go , and then it goes up my strength and my resistance .
<unk> <unk> : We 're ready , with our industrial partner , to produce this device , this new exoskeleton , this year .
So , it 's a reality .
Let 's look at the look at the wheelchair users , about what I 'm particularly passionate about .
There are 68 million people , in terms of wheels , around the world .
About one percent of the population .
And this is a really conservative calculation .
We talk about something that happens often , very young people , with damage to the spinal cord that when you start their lives -- to the 20 , 30 or 40 years -- collide against a wall , and the wheelchair turns out to be their only option .
We also talk about the population that gets older , it 's rapidly going up .
Their only option , many times -- by a brain injury or some other complication -- it 's the wheelchair .
And this has been like this for the last 500 years , from their success , as I should recognize .
So we decided to start by writing a new chapter about mobility .
Let me introduce you to the <unk> that 's using Amanda <unk> who 's about 19 years ago had a spinal injury injury , and as a result he could n't go back for 19 years , so far .
Amanda <unk> : Thank you .
EB : Amanda is using our <unk> , that I mentioned .
It 's got sensors .
There 's completely no invasive on crutches , which send signals to the onboard computer , here on the back .
There are a few batteries here that give power to the motors on the hips , and on the knees , and they make it move forward with this soft and very natural location .
AB : It was 24 years at the top of my life when , by a stranger , skiing in the air , skiing on it was paralyzed .
In a fraction of a second , I lost all the feeling and all the motion of the pelvis .
Shortly after , a doctor walked into my room in the hospital , and he said , `` Amanda , you 'll never walk again . ''
That happened 19 years ago .
This is how I stole it to the last hint of hope of my self .
<unk> technology since then , it has allowed me to learn <unk> costs below <unk> , climbing rocks and even riding a bicycle bicycle .
But they 've never invented anything that allows me to walk , so far .
Thank you .
EB : As you can see , we have the technology , we have the platforms for sit and talk to you .
It 's in our hands , and we have all the potential here to change future generations -- not only of soldiers , but Amanda , and all the wheelchair users , everybody .
AB : Thank you .
I just came back from a community that has the secret to human survival .
It 's a place where women have the baton , practice sex to say hello , and the game is the order of the day -- where fun is serious .
And not , it 's not the festival of Man <unk> or San Francisco .
Ladies and gentlemen , meet their cousins .
This is the world of the wild bonobos in Congo forests .
The bonobos are , along with chimpanzees , their closest living relatives .
That means that we all share a common ancestor , an evolutionary grandmother , which lived about six million years ago .
Now , chimpanzees are known for their aggression .
But , unfortunately , we 've done a lot of emphasis on this in our narratives of human evolution .
But the bonobos show us the other side of the coin .
Whereas chimpanzees are dominated by big guys , terrifying , the Bonobo 's society is in charge of females with power .
These guys have created something special , because this leads to a very tolerant society where the deadly violence is still not observed .
But unfortunately , the bonobos are the least <unk> of the great apes .
They live in the depths of the <unk> jungle , and it 's been very difficult to study them .
Congo is a paradox -- a land of extraordinary biodiversity and beauty , but also the heart of the <unk> itself -- the stage of a violent conflict that has been sustained by decades and caused almost as many deaths as the First World War .
No wonder that this destruction will also put in danger of the Bonobo 's survival .
The trade of hunting meat and deforestation is that you ca n't fill in a stadium with the bonobos that stay in the world -- and honestly , we 're not not sure that .
However , in this land of violence and chaos , you can hear the laughter hidden by the trees .
Who are these cousins ?
We know them like apes , `` make love , not war , '' because they have frequent , bisexual and bisexual sex to manage conflict and solve social problems .
I 'm not saying that this is the solution to all the problems of humanity , because the life of humanity is more than <unk> <unk> .
The bonobos , like humans , love to play throughout their lifetime .
Play is not just a child 's game .
For us , the game is fundamental to establish bonds and encourage tolerance .
With him , we learn to trust , and we learn the rules of the game .
The game increases creativity and resilience and it has to do with the generation of diversity -- diversity of interactions , diversity of behaviors , diversity of connections .
And when you look at the game , you see the very evolutionary roots as some laughter , the dance and the human ritual .
The game is the glue that binds us .
I do n't know how you play them , but I want to show you a couple unique videos from the wild .
First , it 's a Bonobo game game ; I do n't talk about football .
Here we have a female and a young male in the middle of a persecution .
Look what she 's doing .
It could be the evolutionary origin of the phrase : `` It 's got it out of the balls . ''
Just I think in this case he loves him , right ?
Yes .
So the sexual play is common as well as in human bonobos .
And this video is really interesting because it shows -- this video is really interesting because it shows the ingenuity of bringing unusual elements to play -- like <unk> and also how play requires trust and promotes trust -- and at the same time is more fun .
But the game is <unk> .
The game is <unk> , you can take a lot of ways , some of which are more attractive , imaginative , curious -- maybe the place where the wonder are being made .
And I want you to see -- this is <unk> , a young female , who is playing with a <unk> water .
I think , like her , sometimes we play alone , and we explore the limits of our inner worlds and outside .
And it is that playful curiosity that propels us to explore , to interact , and then the unexpected connections that we formed is the real hot bed of creativity .
These are just little samples of the understanding that bonobos give us from our past and present .
But they also have a secret to our future , a future where we need to adapt to a increasingly difficult world with greater creativity and greater cooperation .
The secret is that the game is the key to these capabilities .
In other words , play is our <unk> .
To adapt to a world that changes we have to play .
But do we <unk> the maximum game of play ?
The game is not frivolous .
The game is essential .
For bonobos and humans alike , life is not just cruel and ruthless .
When it looks at least the right thing to play , you can be the moments in which the most urgent thing .
So fellow primates , we will embrace this gift of evolution and play together while we were teaching creativity , friendship and wonder .
Thank you .
In New York , I am responsible for a nonprofit organization called Robin Hood .
When I 'm not fighting the poverty , <unk> fires as a captain of the volunteer fire .
And in our city , where volunteers and volunteers who are highly qualified for a highly qualified staff one has to get to the fire site very quickly to get into action .
I remember my first fire .
I was the second volunteer at the site , so I had a fairly high probability of going .
But still there was a race to foot against the other volunteers to get the captain in charge and figure out what our homework was .
When I found the captain , I was <unk> in a conversation with the owner that certainly went through one of the worst days of his life .
We were in full night , she was standing outside in the rain , under an umbrella , in our pajamas and barefoot , while her house was on fire .
The other volunteer that I had just got before I was , <unk> <unk> <unk> came up first to the captain , and he asked him to fit the dog 's dog 's owner .
The dog ! I was <unk> . '
So there was a lawyer or a ton of money that , during the rest of his life , he would have to tell people that I walked into a street building to save a living , just because I won for five seconds .
Well , I was the next one .
The captain made me a <unk> .
He said , `` Bezos , I need you to join the house .
I need you to go up , hold the fire , and bring this woman a pair of shoes . ''
I swear .
It was n't exactly what I expected , but I went -- I went up the stairs , at the end of the hallway , went to the <unk> firemen , which is at the same way , and they had finished off the fire and walked into the fourth side of shoes .
I know what you 're thinking , but I 'm not a hero .
I took my burden back along the ladder , where I met my <unk> and the beautiful dog on the front door .
We got out of the house the treasures for the house where , as I was waiting , his treasure got much more attention than mine .
A few weeks later , the department received a letter from the <unk> owner by the brave effort to save his house .
The kindness that she watched on the other was that someone had reached a pair of shoes .
Both in my calling in Robin Hood , as in my calling as a volunteer firefighter I am a witness of generosity and kindness on a monumental scale , but also acts of grace and courage at the individual level .
And you know what I learned ?
Everything has its importance .
So , when I look at this room to people who have achieved , or they are for getting , remarkable levels of success , I 'd like to remind you this : do n't wait .
Do n't wait to win the first million to make a difference in someone 's life .
If you have something to give , <unk> now .
<unk> food in a dining room , <unk> a neighborhood park .
They are mentors .
Not every day we 're going to have the opportunity to save someone 's life , but every day we will be able to influence someone 's life .
So I trained the game ; I put up the shoes .
Thank you .
Bruno Giussani : Mark , Mark , comes back .
Mark Bezos : Thank you .
This may seem strange , but I 'm a big fan of the concrete block .
The first concrete blocks of concrete are built along with a very simple idea : cement modules from a fixed metric modules that fit together .
Very quickly , these became the most used unit in the world .
They have allowed us to build things bigger than us , like buildings or bridges , a brick at the time .
Essentially , these blocks have become the pillars of our time .
Almost a hundred years later , in 1947 , a hundred years later , he came up with this .
He was called the automatic assembly shell .
And in a few years , the nation-state bricks came to all homes .
It 's been estimated that there have been more than 400 billion or 75 to each person on the planet .
You do n't have to be an engineer to build beautiful bridges , buildings or houses .
Nothing made it accessible .
Studied simply adopted the block of concrete , the favorite in the world , and it became a fundamental piece of our imagination .
Meanwhile , exactly that same year , in Bell labs , the next revolution was about <unk> : the new building block .
The transistor was a small plastic unit that would take us from a <unk> stock world piled on some other to a world where everything was interactive .
Like the concrete block , the transistor allows you to create much larger and more complex circuits , a brick at the same time .
But there 's a main difference : The transistor was just for experts .
I personally do n't accept it , that the building blocks of our time are reserved for experts , so I decided to change it .
Eight years ago , when I was at the Media Lab , I began to explore the idea of taking the power of engineers to the hands of artists and designers .
A few years ago , I began to develop <unk> .
I 'm going to show you how they work .
<unk> are electronics each with a specific function .
They 're <unk> to be light , sound , motors and sensors .
And the best thing is that they get together through magnets .
So you ca n't fit in the wrong way .
The bricks have a color code .
The green is the <unk> , the blue is the current , the pink is the input and the orange one is the wire .
So you only have to assemble one blue with a green and very quickly , you can start making older circuits .
A blue with a green one produce light .
We can put a button in the middle , and we have a FAA .
If we change the button by a pulse module , which is here , and now we have a light on it .
So I 'm going to play this doorbell to create more impact , and we have a noise machine .
I 'm going to stop this .
So beyond the simple game , <unk> are actually very powerful .
Instead of having to program and connect and screw , <unk> allows us to plan using very simple intuitive gestures .
To make you blink faster or slower , you just make this button that makes your pulse faster or slower .
The idea behind <unk> is that it 's a growing collection .
We want all the interactions in the world to make a brick ready to use .
<unk> , sounds , solar panels , motors ; everything must be accessible .
We 've given kids to see them playing with them .
And it 's been an amazing experience .
The best thing is how you start to understand the electronics of every day you do n't learn in schools .
For example , how a light is working , or why the front door is held open , or how an iPod responds to touch .
We 've also led to design schools .
So , for example , designers without an experience in electronics start playing with <unk> as a material .
Here you can see , with bottles of paper , and felt , we 've got to create it by creating ...
( metal noise ) A few weeks ago , we led to the designers of the Rhode Island School of Design , who do n't have any experience in engineering , just in cardboard and paper , and we told them : Make something .
Here 's an example of a project that they 've made , a <unk> procedure activated .
But wait , here 's my favorite project .
It 's a <unk> lobster that 's afraid of darkness .
For these no engineers , <unk> became another material , the electronics became another material .
And we want this material to be within everyone .
So , <unk> has open source .
You can visit the website , download all of the design files and make them make them apart .
We want to encourage a world of creators , inventors and collaborators , because this world we live in , this interactive world , is our .
So go ahead and invent .
Thank you .
I 'm going to talk to you today about the unexpected discoveries .
I work in the solar technology industry .
And my little company is looking for the environment to focus on .
<unk> collaboration .
This is a little video of what we do .
Hmmm . Wait a moment .
You can take a little bit on charge .
We can -- we can continue to better leave the video on the side .
No .
This is not ...
All right .
Technology is ...
Oh , I 've already been the term ?
Very good . Thank you very much .
A couple of years ago , I launched an initiative to recruit the best designers and technicians to take a year and work in an environment that represents almost everything they 're supposed to hate ; we asked them to work in government .
The initiative was called <unk> for America , and would be like <unk> Peace <unk> .
We were going to take a few members every year and put them working with municipalities .
Instead of sending them to the Third World , we send them to the wild .
They made big applications ; they worked with the city workers .
The task is to show the possibilities of current technology .
Thank you .
It 's a fire hydrant in the city in Boston .
Here 's what if I would find a quote , but what it really looks for is that someone will clean it up when it 's stuck in the snow , because he knows it 's not very good when they 're covered in a meter of snow .
How did it get to ask for help in this particular way ?
Last year in Boston , we had a team of members of <unk> for America .
They were there in February , and at the time that 's very much last year .
They realized that the city would never wiped these fire hydrants .
But one of the members called Erik <unk> noticed something else : that citizens would fill with these sidewalks just right in front of them .
So it made any good programmer , I developed an app .
It 's a nice application where you can take a fire hydrant .
You accept clean when you go .
By doing so , you put a name on it , in this case , put it in .
If you do n't , someone can get them out .
So , it has a playful component .
It 's a modest app .
Maybe it 's the smallest <unk> applications last year .
But it does something that no other technology technology can do .
And it stretches viral .
An <unk> responsible for City of Honolulu to see this application realized that he could use it , not for snow , but for citizens to embrace <unk> of tsunami .
It 's very important that these <unk> are going to work , but people will steal the batteries .
So it tells the citizens to control them .
And then Seattle decided to use it to make citizens <unk> , blindfolded .
And Chicago has just got it out to get people to go in to go in and clean up sidewalks when they 're going to go .
So now we know about nine cities that plan to use it .
And this has been spreading without friction , in a natural , natural way .
If you know a little bit of government technology , you know this does n't normally happen .
The software acquisition usually takes a couple of years .
Last year in Boston , we had a team working on a project that took three people for two and a half months .
It was a tool for the parents to choose the best public school for their children .
And then they told us that I had a regular channels would have taken at least two and cost about two million dollars .
And that 's nothing .
Now there 's a project in the power of California that until the moment there 's two billion dollars of dollars , and it does n't work .
And there are projects like this at every level of government .
So an app that 's shown in a couple of days and spreads viral is a kind of warning shot to the institution of government .
It suggests the best ways to work , not as in private companies , as a lot of people think it should be .
Not as a technology company , but rather like the Internet itself .
That is , without constraints , in the open and generative form .
And that 's important .
But the most important thing about this application is that it represents the way to address the question of the government that has the new generation , not as a problem of an institution , but as a problem of collective action .
And that 's very good because it turns out we 're very good at collective action with digital technology .
And there 's a very large community of people who are building the tools to work together with efficacy .
And it 's not only <unk> for America , but there are hundreds of people around the country who contribute to civic applications every day in their own communities .
They have n't given up with the government .
They feel a great frustration , but they do n't complain , they fix .
And these people know something that we 've lost in sight .
And that is , if you leave the feelings about the politics , the line in the <unk> -- and all of those other things that you put crazy , the government is , essentially , in the words of Tim <unk> , `` What we do together because alone we ca n't . ''
Now , many people have abandoned government .
If you 're one of those people , I would ask you to do it , because things are changing .
Politics does n't change ; the government does .
And because the government ultimately made out of us -- they remember that from `` We , '' and the way you think about it will affect how to make change .
I did n't know a lot of government when I started with this .
And as a lot of people thought the government was to choose people for charges .
Well , after two years , I 've come to the conclusion that the government is , especially , about <unk> .
This is the phone care center and information .
It 's the place that calls your phone calls if you 're making planets in the U.S .
Scott <unk> this call .
He entered the <unk> basis at official knowledge .
I did n't find anything . It started with animal control .
And he finally said , `` Hey , can you open up the doors of the house , put it well strong music and see if you go ? ''
And it worked . So by Scott .
But that was n't the end of the <unk> .
Boston does n't have a call center .
It has an app , web and mobile , called <unk> .
I do n't want that application .
It was the work of very smart people in the Office of New Year 2010 .
One day , this really happened , you get this order to say , `` Let 's put it on my bucket . I do n't know if it 's dead .
How do I do this for you ? ''
The dynamics of <unk> <unk> is different .
Scott was talking about person .
In <unk> <unk> , everything is public , so everybody can see this .
In this case , he saw a neighbor .
The next report said , `` I approached the spot , I found the garbage behind the house .
<unk> ? Yes . I lived ? Yes .
And I went home . I went home .
Good evening , sweet nights . ''
Pretty simple .
This is great . It 's the confluence of the digital and physical .
And it 's also a great example of government income to distributed voluntary partnerships .
But it 's also a great example of government as a platform .
And here I do n't necessarily mean the definition of the platform technology .
I 'm talking about a platform for people to join and help others .
So , a citizen helped another , but here the government had a key role .
connected to the two people .
And it could have connected with government services , but the neighbor is a better alternative and cheaper than the government services .
When one neighbor helps each other , <unk> communities .
If we call out of animals , it costs a lot of money .
One important thing that we need to think about government is that it 's not the same as politics .
A lot of people understand it , but think that one is the entrance to the other .
That our input to the government is the vote .
How many times have you chosen a political leader , sometimes we spend a lot of energy to choose a new political leader , and then we hope that the government reflects our values and <unk> our needs , but then we do n't see changes .
That 's because government is like a huge ocean , and politics is the surface layer of 15 inches .
underneath is what we call bureaucracy .
And we say that word with a lot of contempt .
But it 's that contempt that holds us with that , which is that we 're funded as something that we operate in our against , that other thing , and a consequence we 're losing power .
People believe that politics is sensual .
If we want this institution to work , we will have to make pollution sexy .
Because that 's where the real government work occurs .
We have to collaborate with the government machinery .
That makes the <unk> movement .
Have you seen them ?
It 's a group of citizens concerned that they 've written a very detailed report of 325 pages in response to the order of <unk> , about the financial reform project .
That 's not political activism , it 's bureaucratic activism .
And for those of us who have been <unk> in front of the government , it 's time for us to ask what world we want to leave our children .
You have to see the enormous challenges that they 're going to have to face .
Do you really think that we get to where we need to go without solving the institution that can act on behalf of all ?
We ca n't do without government , we need to be more effective .
The good news is that with technology , it 's possible to rethink the source of governance , so that it can expand civil society .
There 's a generation that grew up with the Internet and knows that it 's not that hard to perform <unk> , we just have to articulate the systems in the right way .
The average age of our members is 28 years old , so I , as well , I 'm a generation greater than many of them .
This is a generation that has grown by taking the word and giving that almost for granted .
They 're not giving that battle that we all face on who 's going to talk ; they 're all going to talk .
They can express their views on any channel at the same time and they do .
So when they face the government problem , they do n't care about making their voices hear .
They 're using their hands .
They put hands on the work to program applications that make better work .
And those applications allow us to use our hands to improve our communities .
It can be cleaning a fire hydrant , taking away weeds and dumping a garbage see that has a <unk> inside .
Of course , we could always have cleaned those fire fire and lots of people .
But these applications are as a digital reminder that we are not only consumers , we 're not just consumers of government that we pay taxes and get services .
We are more than that : We are citizens .
And we 're not going to fix the government until it does n't affect the citizenship .
So I want to ask everybody here , when it comes to the important things we have to do together , all together , will be a crowd of voices , or will we also be a crowd of hands ?
Thank you .
This is for me a real honor .
I 've spent most of the time in jails and prisons and death row .
I 've spent most of my life in <unk> communities , on projects and places where there 's a lot of despair .
And I 'll be here at TED watching and hearing these stimulation has given me a lot of energy .
One of the things that I 've noticed in this short time is that TED has an identity .
And the things that you say here are impact around the world .
And sometimes , if something comes from TED , it makes sense and a force that I would n't have otherwise .
I 'm saying this because I think identity is important to us .
Here we 've seen fantastic presentations .
And I think we 've learned that the words of a teacher can make a lot of sense , but if they teach them with feeling , they can have a special meaning .
A doctor can do good things , if it 's <unk> , it can achieve much more .
So I want to talk about the power of identity .
I did n't really learn this in the practice of the right , my job .
I learned about my grandmother .
I grew up in a traditional house of a African-American family dominated by a matriarch , which was my grandmother .
It was hard , it was strong , it was power .
It was the last word in every family discussion .
She took a lot of <unk> in our home .
He was a daughter of people who had been slaves .
Their parents were born in slavery in Virginia and 1840 .
She was born about the 1880s , and his experience with the surrounding slavery , the way he sees the world .
She was hard , but she was also loving .
When I was a little bit , and I was looking at her , she was approaching me and he gave me a good hug .
I was so hard that I could barely breathe , and I dropped out .
One or two hours later , he came back to her , he was approaching me , and he said , `` <unk> , still feel my hug ? ''
And if I said no , it grabs me again , and if I said yes , I left myself in peace .
I had this human quality that I would always want to be close to it .
The only problem is that I had 10 children .
My mother was the least 10 .
And sometimes , when I was going to spend a while with it , it was n't easy to capture your time and your attention .
My cousins were running around .
I remember when I was eight , nine years old , I woke up one morning , I went into the room and there were all my cousins .
My grandmother was on the other side of the room and stares at me .
At first I thought it was a game .
And then he looked at her and smiles , but she was very serious .
After 15 minutes , she stood up , he went through the room , he took me out of her hand , and he said , `` Come back . The two are going to talk . ''
I remember this as if it was yesterday .
I will never forget it .
It took me outside , and he said , `` Let 's tell you something , but you ca n't tell anybody . ''
I said , `` All right , Mama . ''
She said , `` Now you 're going to do it . '' I said , `` Sure . ''
Then I sat down , and he looked at me and said , `` I want you to know that I 've been watching . ''
And he said , `` I think you 're special . ''
He said , `` I think you can do whatever you want . ''
I will never forget it .
Then he said , `` I just want you to give me three things , <unk> . ''
I said , `` Sure , Mama . ''
And he said , `` The first thing I want you to tell me is we want your mother to want . ''
<unk> : `` She 's my <unk> , and you have to tell you that always <unk> . ''
As I loved my mom , I said , `` Yes , Mama , I 'll do it . ''
Then he said to me , `` The second thing I want you to do is that you 'll always do the right thing , even though the right is the hard thing . ''
I thought , `` Yes , Mama . I 'll do it . ''
Then , finally he said , `` The third thing I want you to tell me is that you never <unk> alcohol . ''
I was nine years old , and I said , `` Yes , Mama , I 'll do it . ''
I grew up in the field , in the South rural , I have a brother a year and a sister a year younger .
When I was 14 15 , one day my brother came home with a six beers pack , I do n't know where it took us , grabbed us to my sister and me and left for the forest .
We were just doing the <unk> of always .
He took a sip of beer , offered my sister , she took a little bit and offered me .
I said , `` No , no , no . Okay . You follow , but I 'm not going to take beer . ''
My brother said , `` Come on . Today we 'll do it . And you 're always doing the same thing as we do .
I took something , your sister too . Take a beer . ''
I said , `` No . I did n't feel good . You can follow . ''
Then my brother looked at me .
And he said , `` What happens ? Take a beer . ''
And he went down with her <unk> , and he went , `` Oh , not that you 're still thinking about the conversation with Mama . ''
I said , `` What are you talking about ? ''
He said , `` Mama , you tell all the grandchildren that are special . ''
I was broken .
I have to admit something to you .
I 'll tell you one thing that probably should n't say .
I know this will become widely spread .
But I have 52 years , and I can admit I 've never taken a drop of alcohol .
I 'm not saying it 's a virtue , and I say that by the power of identity .
When we create the right type of identity , we say things to others that really do n't see it .
We ca n't get to do things that do n't think they can do .
I think my grandmother naturally believed that all his grandchildren were special .
My grandfather had been in the ban on the ban .
My uncles died of <unk> diseases .
And these were the things that , according to her , we had to commit them .
Now , try to talk about our criminal justice system .
This country is today very different than what it was 40 years ago .
In 1972 , there were 300,000 prisoners .
There are 2.3 million .
In the United States , we have the largest incarceration rate of the world .
We have seven million people in parole .
And this massive incarceration , in my view , has fundamentally changed our world .
In poor or black communities , it 's so much <unk> , so much despair , determined by these facts .
One in three black people between 18 and 30 years is in jail or parole .
In the inner city of all the country , the Los Angeles , Philadelphia , Baltimore , Washington , 50 to 60 percent of all the color of color are in prison or parole .
Our system is not just distorted in front of race , it 's also about poverty .
In this country , we have a criminal system that 's a lot better if you 're rich and guilty , that if you 're poor and innocent .
It 's not guilt .
And it seems that we feel very quiet .
The politics of fear and anger makes us believe that these are not our problems .
We 're disconnected .
I find interesting .
We 're looking at our work , some pretty curious developments .
In my state , in Alabama , as well as in other states , they will get paid for rights forever if you have a criminal sentence .
Right now in Alabama , 34 percent of the black male population has definitely lost the right to vote .
And if we projected it to the next 10 years , the level of loss of rights will be as high as it was before the law of the law from the right to vote .
We have this amazing silence .
I represent kids .
Many of my clients are very young .
America is the only country in the world where it was sentence for 13 years to die in prison .
We have in this country in jail for children , without chance to go out .
Right now , we 're in some <unk> process .
The only country in the world .
I represent people on death row .
This issue of death row is interesting .
In a sense , have you been able to think that the final question is , people are people who deserve to die by <unk> ?
A very sensitive question .
But you can think about how else we are in our identity .
There 's another way to look at it : it 's not about deciding whether people who deserve to die for crimes , but if we deserve to kill .
This is interesting .
The death penalty in America is defined by error .
Of every nine people executed , they have identified one that is innocent and released from death row .
A mistake of error , amazing , an innocent every nine .
This is interesting .
Now aviation is not going to be able to never be flying away if every nine to peel , one would have been crashing .
But somehow we get rid of the problem .
It 's not our problem .
It 's not our burden .
It 's not our struggle .
I talk a lot about these things .
I 'm talking about race and this issue of if we deserve to kill .
It 's interesting that in my classes with students on African-American history , I 'm telling you about slavery .
I 'm talking about terrorism , the time that it started at the end of the reconstruction and that lasted to the Second World War .
We really do n't know much about this .
But for the black Americans in this country , it was a bit defined by terror .
In many communities , people were afraid to be <unk> .
They were worried being bombarded .
The threat of terror was what his lives defined .
Now there are older people who are coming to me and say , `` Mr. Stevenson , you speak to talks , narratives . <unk> people who stop saying that in our history , we 're dealing with the first time with terrorism , after the <unk> . ''
They ask me to say , `` No . Say we grew up with that . ''
The age of terrorism went on , obviously , with segregation and decades of surviving racial and separation .
In this country , we have a dynamic that we do n't like to talk about our problems .
We do n't like to talk about our story .
And that 's why we have n't understood what we have historically done .
We <unk> each other .
We were constantly created tensions and conflict .
It costs us work to talk about races . I think it 's because we 're not willing to engage with a process of truth and reconciliation .
In South Africa , people understood that you could not overcome the segregation without the truth and reconciliation .
In Rwanda , even before the genocide had this commitment , but in this country we have n't done it .
I was in Germany giving conferences on death row .
It was fascinating , because one of the teachers stood after my presentation and said , `` You know , it 's very worrying about listening to what you say . ''
<unk> : `` We 're not worth dying in Germany .
We may never get it here . ''
The room was silent and a lady said , `` There 's no way that we have our story , we can ever get into the systematic death of human beings .
It would be irrational , that we and intentional and deliberately , we started to run people . ''
Let 's get them on this .
How would we feel in a world where a nation like Germany , would kill people , especially if they were in their majority ?
We could n't tolerate it .
It would be irrational .
And yet , there 's this disconnect .
I think our identity is in danger .
If we do n't really care about these things that are so difficult , the positive things and wonderful things are , however , involved .
We love innovation .
We 're fascinated by technology . Let us creativity .
We love entertainment .
But lately , those realities are <unk> by suffering , abuse , degradation , <unk> .
In my view , we need to integrate both of these things .
We talked about the need to have more hope , more engagement , more dedication with the basic challenges of the life of this complex world .
I think that means spending more time thinking and talking about the poor , the <unk> , the ones who never get to TED .
Think about them , in a way , something that is inside of us .
It 's true that we have to believe in issues that we have n't seen .
So we are . In spite of being so rational , so committed to the intellectual .
Now , with innovation , development is not just about brain ideas .
These things come from lasted ideas also by the convictions of the heart .
This connection from my mind with heart is what drives us to look at not just the brilliant and dazzling , but also the dark and hard .
Bernard <unk> , the great Czech leader , talked about this .
He said , `` When we were in Eastern Europe suffering , we wanted all sorts of things , but mainly what we needed was hope , guidance for the spirit , a willingness to be in sites of despair and witness . ''
Well , that orientation for the spirit is practically at the heart of what I think , even in communities like TED , has to commit .
There is no disconnect related to technology and design , which allows us to be truly human , if we do n't do it because of attention to poverty , to exclusion , to inequality , to injustice .
Now , I want to warn you that these thoughts make up a much more challenging identity than if we do n't ignore these things .
We go back to them .
I had the great privilege , being a very young lawyer , to meet Rosa Parks .
These women were all gathered to speak .
Occasionally , the <unk> lady called me , to tell me , `` <unk> , comes the lady . We 're going to meet us to speak .
Do you want to come and listen ? ''
I said , `` Yes ma'am . I want you . ''
And she said , `` Well , what are you going to do when you come ? ''
I answered , `` <unk> . ''
So I was going and I just listened to them .
It was very <unk> , very <unk> .
And on one occasion , I was listening to these ladies , and after a couple of hours , Ms. Parks went to me and said , `` Now , <unk> , Give me the idea of equal equal justice .
Tell me what you 're trying to do . ''
And I started to give my speech .
I said , `` Well , we 're trying to question injustice .
We try to help those who have been convicted of them .
We tried to confront prejudice and discrimination in the management of criminal justice .
We try to end the sentences of life , without parole .
We try to do something about the death penalty .
We try to reduce the population in prisons .
We 're trying to end the massive drivers . ''
I gave her all my best speech , and he looked at me and said , `` Hmm , um . ''
And he said , `` <unk> exhausted , too exhausted . ''
At that time , Ms. <unk> leaned over , put my finger on the face and said , `` That 's why you have to be very , very brave . ''
I think that actually , the TED community has to be much more <unk> .
We need to find a way to deal with those challenges , those problems , that suffering .
Because finally humanity depends on compassion for others .
I 've learned some very simple things in my work .
I 've been successful in simple things .
I 've come to understand and believe that each one of us is higher to the worst thing we 've ever made .
I think that 's true for everybody on the planet .
I 'm convinced that if someone says a lie , it 's not because it 's a liar .
I 'm sure if someone takes something that does n't belong , it 's not that it 's a thief .
Even if someone kills another , it 's not that it 's a murderer .
So I think there 's a basic dignity in people who should be respected by the law .
I also believe that in many parts of this country , and certainly in many parts of the world , the opposite poverty is not wealth .
That 's not .
I really think that in many parts the opposite of poverty is justice .
And finally , I think that although it 's very dramatic , very beautiful , very beautiful , very exhilarating , we do n't judge us by our technology , by our designs , not for our intellectual , rational capacity .
In the end , the character of a society is , not because of the rich and powerful and privileged people , but because of the way they treat the poor , the people who are doomed .
Because it 's in this context as we start to understand truly profound themes about what we are .
I 'm sometimes <unk> . I 'm going to end up with a story .
Sometimes I do too much force .
<unk> tired , like everyone .
Sometimes those ideas go beyond my innovation in an important way .
I 've been representing these kids who have been sentenced to a lot of toughness .
I 'm going to jail , and I see my clients from 13 and 14 years old , that they 've been <unk> to become adults as adults as adults .
And I start thinking , how can it be ?
How can a judge turn someone into what it is not ?
The judge as an adult <unk> , but I see a child .
One night , I was awake thinking -- God , if the judge can become something that you are not , has to have magical powers .
Yes , <unk> , the judge has magical powers .
You should be asking for some of that .
As I was too late , I could n't think right , but I started working on a <unk> .
I had a 14-year-old customer , a small , black man .
I started working on the <unk> , with a <unk> that said , `` <unk> for my <unk> black client to be treated as a privileged white white man of a corporation . ''
In <unk> , I had there there had been physical behavior in the accusation , in the behavior of the police and in the process .
There was a bold line about how in this country is no ethical , but a lack of ethics .
I woke up thinking that <unk> <unk> would be a dream , or actually I wrote it ?
For my horror , not only had it been <unk> , but I had sent it to court .
It took about two months , I 've already forgotten him .
And I finally decided -- God , I have to go to court for this stupid case .
I got up in the car , and I was really overwhelmed , overwhelmed .
I went into the car to court .
I thought this would be very difficult and pitiful .
I finally got off the car , I walked to court .
I was going up the stairs when I met a black man , he was a courthouse .
When he saw me , he came up to me and said , `` Who is you ? ''
I said , `` I 'm a lawyer . '' He replied , `` Is it a lawyer ? '' I said yes .
So I walked up and hugged me .
And I whispered into the ear .
He said , `` I 'm proud of you . ''
I have to tell you now that that was <unk> .
It really connected with my interior , with my identity with the ability that we all have to contribute to the community with a vision of hope .
Well , I walked into the audience room .
When I walked into the judge .
And he said , `` Mr. Stevenson , you wrote this bold question ? ''
I said , `` Yeah , Mr. I was . '' And we started discussing .
People started getting . They were all upset .
I was the one that had written those crazy things .
You get the cops the policemen prosecutors , the auxiliary .
Suddenly , without knowing how , the room was full of people , all furious , because we talked about races , because we talked about poverty , because we talked about inequality .
With the <unk> of the eye , I was going to see when I was going to go .
I would look out the window , and you 're going to look at the whole thing .
It kept walking over here and there .
Finally , this old black , <unk> face , walked into the room and sat behind me , almost on the table of lawyers .
About 10 minutes later , the judge score a break .
During the break , a <unk> assistant had been upset because the superintendent had entered the room .
The assistant <unk> over the old black black .
And he said , `` Jimmy , what do you do in the audience 's room ? ''
And the old black stood up , I looked at the assistant , looked at me and said , `` I went into this audience of audiences to tell this young woman to keep his view on <unk> objective . ''
I 've come to TED today because I think many of you understand that the moral arc of the universe is very large , but it folds towards justice .
We can not really be truly human beings if we do n't care about human rights and for dignity .
That our survival is linked to each other .
That our visions of technology , design , entertainment and creativity must play brotherhood and compassion and justice .
And above all , those of you who share this , I just want to tell you that keep your view on <unk> aim .
Thank you very much .
Chris Anderson : You just heard , and see an obvious desire in the audience , from this community , to help in your purposes , to do something .
Something that 's not a check . What can we do ?
<unk> : There are several opportunities nearby .
If you live in the state of California , for example , there will be a <unk> this spring in which it 's going to be an effort to be able to do a little bit of the funding for punishment .
For example , here in California , you 're going to spend a billion dollars on death row , in the next five years , a billion dollars .
And despite this , 46 percent of those cases in murder are not killed in arrests .
56 percent of rapes do n't get to anything .
Here 's a chance of change .
This <unk> is going to propose that these funds will be made to be able to make the law , to the security .
I think there 's a very close opportunity .
CA : There 's been a huge decline in crime in the United States in the last three decades .
Part of the explanation , it 's said that it has to do with the highest rate of incarceration .
What would you say to those who think it 's like this ?
<unk> : Actually , the crime rate with violence has remained relatively stable .
The big growth in mass incarceration in this country is not for crimes with violence .
It 's the wrong war on Drugs .
That 's why this dramatic increase in the prison population .
And we just let us convince the rhetoric of punishment .
We have three legal causes to bring people to life for life for stealing a bicycle , for small crimes against property , instead of making those resources to their victims .
I think we need to do more to help the victims of the <unk> and not less .
It seems to me that our current philosophy about punishment does nothing for anyone .
I think that 's the orientation that has to change .
CA : <unk> , you 've got us remarkable here today .
You 're very inspiring .
Thank you very much for having come to TED . Thank you .
Announcer : They grow the threats for Bin Laden 's death .
Announcer : <unk> in Somalia . Voice 2 : Police throws .
Announcer : <unk> <unk> : <unk> <unk> : <unk> <unk> .
<unk> : <unk> . <unk> <unk> : 65 dead .
<unk> 8 : <unk> of tsunami : <unk> 9 : <unk> .
Several <unk> : War by drug <unk> . <unk> .
Recession . <unk> . <unk> end . Egypt . Syria .
Crisis . Death . <unk> .
Oh , my God !
Peter Diamandis : These are just some of the clips I got in the last six months , and it could be over the last six days or the last six years .
The idea is that press media would prefer negative news because our minds are paying attention .
And that responds to a very good reason .
In every second of each day our senses get many , many more data than probably the brain can process .
And as nothing matters to us more than survive , the first stop of all that data is an ancient excerpt of the temporal lobe called the amygdala .
The amygdala is our early warning detector , the danger detector .
<unk> and records all the information looking for something in the environment that could make us hurt .
That 's why a stories of stories were looking at the negative .
That old saying of the press : `` If you have blood , it sells , '' it 's very true .
And because all digital devices provide us negative news for the seven days of the week , 24 hours a day , it 's not surprising that we 're pessimists .
It 's not surprising that people think that the world is going to go wrong .
But maybe it 's not .
Maybe , instead , what really happens is we got <unk> .
Maybe the progress has done in the last century by a series of forces is accelerating so that we have the potential to create a world of abundance in the next three decades .
I 'm not saying we do n't have our good problems : climate change , species extinction , water scarcity and energy ; we have no doubts .
As human beings , we 're very good at dealing with problems and , in the long run , we just ended up with them .
Let 's take it in the last century to see where we 're going .
In the last hundred years , the average of life has more than doubled , income per capita income adjusted for inflation has tripled in the world .
Child mortality has been reduced 10 times .
Also , the cost of food , electricity costs , transportation and communications , has fallen from 10 to 1,000 times .
Steve Pinker showed us that we are living the most peaceful time in human history .
And Charles believed that the global literacy of 25 percent to over 80 percent in the last 130 years .
We are really living in an extraordinary time .
A lot of people forget it .
And we keep putting ourselves increasingly high expectations .
In fact , we redefined the meaning of poverty .
Think about it , today in America , many of the people who live under the poverty line have electricity , water , bathrooms , refrigerators , television , mobile , air conditioning and cars .
The <unk> <unk> <unk> rubber , the <unk> of the planet , would never have dreamed of such luxury .
It 's very much about this technology , and lately , its exponential growth .
My good friend Ray Kurzweil showed that any tool that <unk> in technology technology jumps into this curve , Moore 's Law , and double the price of the price in about 12 to 24 months .
That 's why the mobile phone have in your pocket is a million times cheaper and a thousand times faster than a supercomputer in the 1970s .
Now look at this curve .
It 's Moore 's Law for the last hundred years .
I want you to look at two things on this curve .
First , how soft it is -- in good and bad times , in war and peace , in recession , in depression and booming .
It 's a quick quick computer passing to build faster computers .
It does n't stop before none of the big challenges .
And even though it 's <unk> in a law on the left , it goes up .
The growth rate of technology is more and faster .
And in this curve , it 's about Moore 's Law , there 's a series of extraordinarily powerful technologies that we have today .
The cloud in the cloud , my friends in Autodesk , call infinite computing , sensors and networks , 3D printing , and their capacity to democratize personalized production across the planet , the synthetic biology , the fuel , the vaccination and the food , the hardware and the nanomaterials and the A.I . .
I mean , how many saw victory at `` `` Jeopardy '' Watson , from IBM ?
It was epic .
I looked in the newspaper the best headline I had .
And I loved this : `` Watson 's <unk> for human opponents . ''
Jeopardy is not an easy game .
It plays the nuances of the human language .
Imagine this artificial intelligence in the cloud , available for everyone on the cell phone .
Four years ago , here at TED , Ray Kurzweil and I , we launched a new university called <unk> University .
We teach these technologies to our students , and in particular , how can you be used to solve the great challenges of humanity .
And every year we asked them to release a company , or a service or service , that can affect the lives of a billion people in a decade .
Think about that , the fact that a group of students today can impact the lives of a billion people today .
Thirty years ago , that would be absurd .
Today we can actually point out some of the companies that we 've already done .
When I think about creating abundance , it does n't mean to create fancy life for each of the planet ; it 's about creating a life of possible .
It 's about taking that that is scarce and making it abundant .
You see , scarcity is contextual , and technology is a force that releases resources .
Let me give you an example .
It 's an Napoleon 's history of Napoleon <unk> .
He 's the kind of left .
He invited hold the king of <unk> .
Napoleon 's troops ate out of silver , and the same Napoleon , with covered with gold .
But the king of <unk> , I ate with aluminum .
You see , the aluminum was the most valuable metal on the planet ; it 's worth more than gold and platinum .
For that reason , the tip of the Washington Monument is aluminum .
You see , although aluminum is the 8.3 percent of the Earth 's mass , it does n't come as pure metal .
It 's tied up with oxygen and <unk> .
But then the <unk> came and made of aluminum something so cheap that we use it as if it was <unk> .
It 's taking this analogy towards the future .
Let 's think about energy scarcity .
Ladies and gentlemen , we 're on a planet now for 5,000 times more energy than we use in a year .
They get to the Earth 16 <unk> energy every 88 minute .
It 's not about scarcity . It 's about access .
And there 's good news .
This year , for the first time , the cost of solar power in India is 50 percent less than the <unk> of the spread of diesel .
The cost of solar power dropped 50 percent last year .
Last month , MIT published a study that shows that at the end of the decade , in the U.S. <unk> parts of the United States , electricity will cost six cents a <unk> per hour compared to the 15 cents of national average .
And if we have plenty of energy , we also have plenty of water .
Let 's talk about the wars in the water .
Do you remember when Carl Sagan pointed at spacecraft Voyager spacecraft , in 1990 , after it happened Saturn ?
It 's a famous picture . What was it called ?
`` A pale blue dot . ''
Because we live on a planet of water .
We live on a planet covered in 70 percent in water .
Yes , <unk> percent is saltwater , two percent is ice , and we fight by 0.5 percent of the planet 's water , but there 's also a hope .
It 's a technology available not in 10 20 years , but right now .
It comes nanotechnology , the nanomaterials .
In a conversation with Dean Kamen this morning , one of the innovators in the <unk> -- I 'd like to share with you , and I gave me permission to do that -- your technology called <unk> <unk> 's size is the size of a small refrigerator .
It 's able to generate a thousand liters of drinking water per day from any seawater , contaminated water , a <unk> , less than two cents a gallon .
The president of Coke has just thought that I 'm going to make an important test for hundreds of these units in the developing world .
If that comes out , and I have full confidence that this will be , Coca-Cola will implement the world in <unk> countries on the planet .
So this is an <unk> innovation that we have today .
And we 've seen it in mobile phones .
My God , we 're going to get to 70 percent of the mobile phones in the developing world for the end of 2013 .
Think about it , that <unk> warrior has better mobile communications in Kenya that President President 25 years ago .
And with a smartphone with a smartphone with Google , it has access to more knowledge and information that President Clinton 15 years ago .
It lives in a world of information abundance and communications that no one could have predicted ever .
So what is that better than that , the things that you and I paid tens of thousands and hundreds of thousands of dollars <unk> , HD video , images , libraries of books and music , diagnostic technology , <unk> , and lost market value with mobile phones .
Maybe the best thing will come up when the health applications come up .
Last month , I had the pleasure to announce with the <unk> Foundation , which is called the X <unk> <unk> <unk> prize .
We 're challenging the teams of the world to combine these technologies into a mobile device with which they speak , and because they have an A.I . , they can be able to be extracted from your finger .
To win it has to make better diagnoses than a certified medical team .
Imagine this device in the middle of the developing world where there are no doctors , where the charge of morbidity is 25 percent , and there are 1.3 percent of health care workers .
When this device is going to make a RNA virus , or DNA that does n't recognize , call the health care agency , and first of all , prevent the pandemic happening .
But this is the biggest force of producing a world of abundance .
I call it the <unk> .
The white lines here are the population .
We just went through the brand of seven billion .
By the way , the best protection against the population explosion is to provide the world of education and health .
In 2010 , we had less than two billion people online , connected .
By 2020 , going from two billion to five billion users of the Internet .
Three billion minds never before join the global conversation .
What do these people want ?
What consumers ? What would you want to do ?
And instead of an economic collapse we will have the largest economic injection of history .
These people represent tens of billions of dollars in the global economy .
And more health care thanks to the <unk> , of a better education with the Khan Academy of Academy Khan , and because of the use of 3D impressions and computation in the cloud will be more productive than ever before .
What can you provide three billion members of humanity , healthy educated and productive ?
How about voices ever before ?
What if we give them to the oppressed , wherever they are , a voice to be heard and be able to act for the first time ?
What are these three three billion ?
What if you are contributions that we ca n't predict ?
One of the things I learned with the X Prize is that small teams , guided by their passion with a clear goal , can do extraordinary things -- things that before they could only make the big corporations and governments .
I 'm going to finish by sharing a story that really got me excited .
There 's a program that maybe some of you know .
It 's called <unk> .
<unk> at the University of Washington , in Seattle .
It 's a game where people can take a sequence of amino acids and figure out how to fold the protein .
The folds determine the structure and functionality .
It 's very important in medical research .
And so far , it was a <unk> issue .
They 've played with these college professors , among others .
Then hundreds of thousands of people come together and started to play it .
And it has shown that today the machinery of human patterns is better proteins than the best computers .
Ladies and gentlemen , what gives me a huge confidence in the future is that today we have more power as people to take on the big challenges of the planet .
We have the tools with this exponential technology .
We have the passion of the groundbreaking of <unk> .
We have the capital capital .
And we have three billion new new minds that we 've been wondering to work on the solution of the big challenges and do what we should do .
We have for a few decades .
Thank you .
I 'm going to talk about a very small idea .
The <unk> of the starting point .
And as an idea can be explained in a minute , before I 'll give you three examples to do time .
The first story is about Charles Darwin , one of my heroes .
He was here , as you know , in 1835 .
You probably believed that baby finches , but it was n't .
You actually pick up fish .
And he described one of them as very `` common . ''
It was grouper .
He was being caught very much up to the 1880s .
Now the fish is on the Red List at the IUCN .
But we 've heard this story a lot about the Galapagos and other places , so that 's nothing special about it .
But the case is that we still come to the Galapagos .
We still think they 're <unk> .
<unk> are still saying it 's intact .
So what happens here ?
Second story also illustrates another concept : the shift from the waist .
Because I was there in 1971 studying a lagoon in West Africa .
I was there because I grew up in Europe , and then I wanted to work in Africa .
I thought it could be <unk> .
It burned a lot with the sun , and I was convinced that I was not there .
This is my first exposure to the sun .
The lagoon was surrounded by palms , and as you can see , from some mangroves .
I had <unk> 20 centimeters , the tilapia of black beard .
And the fishery of this tilapia was very abundant and passed for a good time , so he was getting more than the average in Ghana .
When I went there 27 years later the amount of fish had dropped in half .
<unk> to five centimeters .
We 'll have a genetic pressure .
There were still fish .
In a way , they were still happy .
And the fish were still happy to be there .
I mean , nothing changed , but everything has changed .
My third story is that I was complicit in the introduction of Fisheries in Southeast Asia .
In the 1970s , well , it started in the European <unk> Europe , done a lot of development projects .
The fishing development meant to impose the countries that had 100,000 fishermen , <unk> industrial fishing .
And this boat , pretty ugly , called the <unk> 4 .
I got out to go fishing in it , and we did studies in the South Sea Sea <unk> and , especially in the Sea of Java .
What we captured out there was something <unk> .
<unk> , I know , the sea floor .
Ninety percent of what we captured were sponges and other animals that are at the bottom .
And most of the fish are tiny , tiny on some remains , remains the remains of coral reef .
In short , the sea floor came to the deck and then it was launched .
These images are extraordinary because the transition is very fast .
In one year , you do a study and then start commercial fishing .
The bottom line is a solid background of soft coral , in this case , to be a <unk> .
This is a turtle turtle .
You did n't eat them . They would take them because they were dead .
We once captured a living .
It was n't still <unk> .
Then they wanted to kill her because he was a good food .
This mountain of remains is what the fishermen are collected every time they go to an area where they have never been fish .
But it 's not documented .
We turn the world , but we do n't remember it .
I 'm going to get the starting point , to the new level , without remembering what was there .
If you can imagine this something like this .
On the axis we have good things : biodiversity , number of killer whales , the <unk> of the country , the water supply .
And that changes over time . It changes because people do things naturally .
Each generation will use the imagery to get the beginning of their conscious life , and then extrapolate forward .
The difference is that they perceive loss .
But they do n't perceive the loss that happened before .
You can analyze the accumulation of changes .
And in the end to keep a lot of miserable remains .
And that , as much as we want to do this now .
We want to keep things that are no longer , or not what they were .
But you should think that this problem affects people when societies are killed by killing animals without knowing what they 've done to some generations later .
Because obviously , an animal that 's very abundant , before they go extinct , it 's rare .
You do n't lose little animals .
You lose little animals .
Even if this is not perceived as a huge loss .
Over time , we focus on big animals , and in a sea synonymous with great fish .
They become rare because they take off .
And over time , there are a few fish , but we think that 's the starting point .
And the question is , why do we accept this ?
Well , because we do n't know it was different .
In fact , many people , scientists , would argue that it was very different .
And they will do it because the evidence was presented in the previous way that they would expect that they have the evidence .
For example , the anecdote that some of you had , as a captain , just like a captain , and you can not use a lot of fish in this area , or usually they do n't use the scientists ' scientists , because it 's not `` scientific . ''
So we have a situation where people do n't know the past , even though we lived in <unk> societies , because they do n't trust the sources of the past .
From the enormous paper that you can fulfill a protected area .
Because with marine protected areas , we actually recreated the past .
<unk> the past that people ca n't conceive , because the starting point has run , and it 's extremely low .
That 's for people who can see a marine protected area , and can benefit from the vision that provides them , which allows them to erase their baseline .
And what about people who ca n't do it because they do n't have access , like people in the Midwest , for example ?
I think there 's the arts and cinema , maybe you can fill in the void . The simulation .
This is a simulation of Chesapeake Bay .
A long time ago there was gray whales in Chesapeake Bay ; 500 years ago .
And you may have noticed that the nuances and <unk> are like `` Avatar . ''
And if you think about `` Avatar , '' if you think why people were moved with the movie , and I 'm going to talk about the story of <unk> why you 're looking at the images ?
Because it raises something that , in a sense , has been lost .
So my recommendation , the only one who will give , is Cameron , doing `` Avatar II . '' underwater .
Thank you very much .
Hello . I 'm Kevin <unk> , the YouTube manager of YouTube , and I look at YouTube videos .
It 's true .
So today we 'll see why the videos are making viral and how important it has .
We all want to be stars : celebrities , singers , comedians , when I was younger , that seemed something very , very difficult .
But today , the web video makes any of us , or of our actions , copper in a part of our global culture .
Anybody can be famous on the Internet in a <unk> .
They go up over 48 hours of video to YouTube per minute .
And , of those , just a small percentage is made viral , you get lots of views and wins cultural <unk> .
How does that happen ?
Three things : maker of trends , communities of participation and surprise .
Well , let 's start .
<unk> <unk> : Oh my God , my God .
Oh , my God !
Wow .
<unk> , <unk> !
KA : Last year , <unk> <unk> published this video film outside his house in Yosemite National Park .
In 2010 , it was 23 million times .
This graph shows the collections of the popular summer of last summer .
<unk> was n't saying to make a viral video .
I just wanted to share a double rainbow .
That 's what you do if you call it Mountain <unk> Mountain .
I had already published a lot of videos of nature .
This video had been published in January .
So what happened here ?
He was Jimmy <unk> .
Jimmy <unk> published this tweet that <unk> the video for the popularity .
The creators of trends like Jimmy <unk> are presented to us , new and interesting things to a broader audience .
Black : It 's Friday : it 's Friday , a Friday , you 've got to start on Friday . Everybody wants to come to the weekend , weekend . <unk> , Friday . They 'd read on Friday , KA : You would not think that we can have this conversation without talking about this video , I hope .
`` <unk> '' from Rebecca Black is one of the most popular videos of the year .
They saw about 200 million times this year .
This graph shows how often we use .
Just like wolves , this video seemed to have emerged from nowhere .
So what happened this day ?
Well , it was Friday , it 's true .
And if you ask for those other spikes , they 're also Friday .
But what happened this day , this particular Friday ?
Well , I took them <unk> and many blogs started to write about it .
Michael J. Nelson of <unk> Science Theater , was one of the first people to make a joke about video on Twitter .
But the important thing is that a person or an creators of trends embrace a point of view , and they share it with a broader audience , accelerating the process .
So , this community of people who share this big internal joke then starts talking about that and do things .
And now there are 10,000 <unk> <unk> <unk> .
Just in the first seven days , there was a parody of each other .
Unlike the twentieth century of the 20th century , this community engagement is our way to be part of the phenomenon , or doing something new with that .
`` <unk> Cat '' is a repetitive animation with a chord music .
That 's this , that 's all .
This year was about 50 million times .
And if you think that 's weird , you know that there 's a three-year-old version that has been seen four million times .
Even the cats saw this video .
And there are cats that saw other cats see the video .
But the important thing here is the creativity that woke up between the Internet 's Internet community .
There was <unk> .
Somebody made an old version of the old .
And then it became international .
Suddenly , a whole community of remix that made this happen to be a stupid joke to something that we can all be in .
Because today we do n't just enjoy , we participate .
Who could have predicted something like this ?
Who might have predicted called <unk> rainbow , or Rebecca Black or `` <unk> Cat '' ?
What script could might be written to you that you could make this situation ?
In a world where two days of video come up two days per minute , just that very unique , unexpected thing can be made out of the way these things have done .
When a friend told me that I had to see this big video of a guy who protest was going to protest with riders in New York , I admit I was n't interested in too much .
Casey <unk> : I 've got a ticket for not circular to <unk> , but there are often obstacles that are going to prevent you from the properly by <unk> .
KA : Thank you of the surprise and his humor , Casey <unk> made that five million watched and understand their idea .
So this approach is worth the whole new thing that we make creative form .
And all of this leads to a big question .
<unk> <unk> : What does this mean ?
<unk> .
KA : What does this mean ?
<unk> , creative communities of participation , the absolute unexpected , are features of a new kind of media , of a new culture , that we all have access to , and it 's the audience that defines popularity .
As I said before , one of the current celebrities of the world , Justin Bieber , started on YouTube .
You can not borrow permission to express your ideas .
Now we 're all a little owners of our pop culture .
These are not the characteristics of the old media , they 're just not the characteristics of current media , but they 're going to take the entertainment of the future .
Thank you .
This is not a finished story .
It 's a puzzle that 's still putting together .
Let me tell you about some of the pieces .
Imagine the first piece : a man burning the work of a whole life .
It 's a poet , a playwright , a man whose whole life had been supported in the only hope of unity and freedom of her country .
Think while the communists come into <unk> , facing the fact that their life had been totally in vain .
Words , for so much time , were making fun .
It will be buried in silence .
He died broken by the story .
He 's my grandfather .
I never met him .
But our lives are much more than our memories .
My grandmother never allowed me to forget his story .
My task was not to let that have been in vain , and my lesson was to learn that the story tried to <unk> , but it was <unk> .
The next part of the puzzle is about a boat at the dawn of diving quietly into the sea .
My mother , <unk> , was only 18 years old when her father died , and marriage marriage and two small girls .
For her , life had been destined for one task -- the escape from his family and a new life in Australia .
It was inconceivable for her that he could n't do this .
And after a four-year <unk> , he defies fiction , a boat slid into the sea , dressed from fishing boat .
Every adults knew the risks .
The greatest fear was pirates , rape and death .
As most of the adults , my mother had a little bit of poison .
If we would catch , we would first take my sister and I , and then she and my grandmother and my grandmother .
My earliest memories are from that boat , the constant rate of the engine , the bow by a wave , and the vast and empty horizon horizon .
I do n't remember the pirates who came up several times , but they were fooled by the courage of men on our boat , or the motor dying and not being able to start by six hours .
But I do remember the lights of the oil platform in front of the coast of Malaysia , and the young man who collapsed and died , finish the trip was too much for him , and the first apple I tried , given by the men 's platform .
No apple had then had the same taste .
After three months in a refugee camp , <unk> in Melbourne .
And the next piece of the puzzle is about four women along three generations shaping a new life together .
We set up in <unk> , a <unk> suburb whose population is comprised of immigrants .
Unlike the middle class suburbs , whose existence I did n't know , in <unk> , there was no sense of the right .
The smells that came from the shops were the rest of the world .
And ancient English fragments were traded about the people who had one thing in common : they were starting again .
My mother worked on farms , then on a car assembly line , working six days , double turn .
Yet , I found time to study English and get an IT degree in I.T .
We were poor .
All the dollars was mapped , and that was an extra mentoring in English and mathematics , no matter what I should be taken off , which was generally new clothes ; it was always two .
Two middle pairs for school , one to hide the holes in the other .
A school uniform to the ankles , because it had to last six years .
And there were weird <unk> and <unk> about the <unk> eyes and some graffiti : `` Asians , go home . ''
At home , where ?
One thing to me is <unk> .
I was accumulating , and a voice saying , `` I 'm going to <unk> it . ''
My mother , my sister and my sister in the same bed .
My mother was expelled every night , but we told us about our day and we heard the movements of our grandmother 's movements .
My mother had suffered nightmares , all the boat .
And my task was to be waking up until their nightmares started to be able to be able to make it .
She opened a computer shop , then I studied to be <unk> and opened another business .
And women came with their stories about men who could not make the transition , angry and <unk> , and boys were trapped between two worlds .
They 're looking for subsidies and sponsors .
They created centers and they created centers .
I lived in parallel worlds .
In one , it was the classic Asian student , relentless with what they were <unk> from myself .
In the other hand , he was very nicely in poor lives , tragically ruled by violence , drug abuse and isolation .
But many were given help over the years .
And for that work , when I was studying my last year of lawyer , they picked me the young Australian Australian year .
And I was <unk> from one piece of the puzzle to the other , but its edges did n't fit .
So he , anonymous anonymous resident , was now so much , refugee and a social activist , invited to speak at sites who had never heard to name , and in homes whose existence would never have imagined .
I did n't know the protocols .
I did n't know how to use the covered .
I did n't know how to talk about wine .
I did n't know how to talk about anything .
I wanted to retreat to the routines and comfort of life in a <unk> suburb -- a grandmother , a mother and two daughters at the end of the day as they did for about 20 years , <unk> on the day of each and running away , three still in the same bed .
And I told my mom who could n't do it .
It reminded me that I had the same age that she had when we got on the boat .
The `` no '' had never been an option .
`` Get out , '' he said , `` You 're not what those . ''
So I talked about youth <unk> and education , and we would encourage the marginalized and exposed them .
And the more frankly he was talking , the more it was to talk about it to speak .
I met people from all the roads in life , many of them doing what they loved , living on the border of possible .
And even though I finished my bachelor 's , I realized I could n't stay in a lawyer .
There had to be another piece of the puzzle .
And I realized at the same time that it 's okay to be a stranger , a little arrived in the scene -- and not only is it good , but it 's something that is so much to be grateful , maybe a ship from the boat .
Because being inside can easily mean by breaking the horizons , it can easily mean to accept the assumptions of your province .
I gave the enough steps outside of my comfort zone to know that , yes , the world gets out , but not the way we fear it .
They had n't been <unk> , they were tremendously <unk> .
There was an energy there , an relentless optimism , a mix of humility and bravery .
So I followed my intuition .
I was going to give a small group of people to say , `` It ca n't be done '' was an irresistible challenge .
For a year , we did n't have a penny .
At the end of every day , I did a giant porridge pot that we all shared .
<unk> all night .
Most of our ideas were crazy , but some brilliant ones , and we opened up .
I made the decision to move to the U.S .
It was after a journey .
My hunches again .
Three months later , I had moved , and the adventure continued .
Before I finished , let me tell you about my grandmother .
She grew up in a time when the <unk> was the social norm and the local <unk> was the person that mattered .
Life had n't changed for centuries .
Her father died shortly after she was born .
The mother grew up .
At 17 became a <unk> whose mother was hitting her .
They had no support of her husband , he made an elevated to the <unk> and lead the cause , and she was much more <unk> when he won .
He can not have proved to be wrong .
He was in the shower in a hotel room in Sydney when she died , 1,000 miles in Melbourne .
I looked through the <unk> of the shower and saw it standing on the other side .
I knew I had come to say goodbye .
My mother called a few minutes later .
Days later , we went to a Buddhist temple in <unk> and sat around her coffin .
We tell stories , and we made sure that we were still with it .
At night a monk came and told us that he had to close the coffin .
My mother asked us to <unk> her hand .
I asked the monk , `` Why is your hand hot , and the rest of the body so cold ? ''
`` Because you 've taken your hand since tomorrow , '' he said .
`` Not <unk> . ''
If there 's a nerve in our family , that runs through women .
Since we were and how life formed us , we can now see that the men who had come to our lives would have frustrated us .
Now , defeat would have easily taken away .
Now I want to have my own kids , and I wonder about the boat .
Who could wish for that ?
And yet , I fear the privilege of easy , the right .
I can give you a bow in your lives , diving brave in every wave , the constant rhythm of the engine , the vast horizon that does n't guarantee anything ?
I do n't know .
But if I could give it to you and see them safe , I would do it .
<unk> <unk> and the mother 's mother is now here , in the fourth or fifth row .
My story starts in <unk> about two years ago .
I was in the desert , under the skies skies , with the Sufi singer <unk> Ali .
We were having a conversation about how nothing has changed since the time of the old Indian epic epic `` The Mahabharata '' .
In those days when the Indians wanted to travel to a car , and they threw out the sky .
Now we do it with airplanes .
At that time when I was <unk> , the great Indian warrior , he was thirst , he took an arch and with a <unk> on the floor , he got water .
We do the same with <unk> and machines .
The conclusion that we got was that the machinery had replaced the magic .
And I 'm very excited about it .
Every time I felt a little bit more than <unk> .
I was reminded of this idea of losing the ability to enjoy and appreciate a sunset if I did n't have the camera , if I could n't help my friends .
It seemed to me that technology had to allow magic , not kill her .
As a child , my grandfather gave me their silver <unk> .
And this whole piece of technology was for my most magical thing .
It became a golden door to a world full of images , of pirated pirates and <unk> in my imagination .
I had the sense that the mobile clocks , the luxury clocks and the cameras prevent it .
It <unk> our inspiration .
So I launched , I threw me into this technological world to see how to use it to create magic , rather than kill her .
It was <unk> books since the age of 16 .
So when I saw the iPad , I saw a tracking device able to connect the readers of the entire world .
You can know how we take the book .
Where are we .
You put the text together with the image , animation , sound and touch .
The storytelling becomes increasingly <unk> .
But what 's that good for us ?
I 'm about to launch <unk> , an interactive app for iPad .
It says , `` It puts your fingers on every light . ''
And so , he says , `` This box belongs to -- I write my name .
And so I get a little character from the book .
In a few moments , I 'm going to get a <unk> -- the iPad knows where I live through GPS -- that comes led to me .
My little girl is excited about all of these possibilities .
I 've talked a lot about magic .
And I do n't mean magicians and dragons , but in that childhood magic , to those ideas that we care about children .
For some reason , fireflies in a jar were always very exciting to me .
So , over here , we have to change the iPad to release fireflies .
And really , they light your way into what you subtraction in the book .
Another idea that I was fascinated by a child was that a whole galaxy in a <unk> .
So here , every book and every world becomes a <unk> that I drag into this magical device , inside the device .
And this opens up a map .
In all fantasy book , there 's always been maps , but it 's been static maps .
This is a map that grows , <unk> and guide you for the rest of the book .
In certain points of the book it also reveals .
Now I 'm going to go in .
Another incredibly important aspect of me is to create Indian content and the contemporary time .
These are the <unk> .
We 've all heard of the fairies and the <unk> , but how many people outside of India know their Indian counterparts , the <unk> ?
These poor <unk> have been stuck in the cameras at Indra for millennia , in an old and wet book .
So we 're bringing them back in a contemporary child .
In a story , it 's about current issues like the environmental crisis .
And , talking about the environmental crisis , one of the problems in the last 10 years has been that children have been locked together , attached to their PCs , have not been out the outside world .
But now with mobile technology , we can bring our kids to the natural world with their technology .
One of the interactions in the book is this adventure where you have to go outside the outside , take the camera or iPad , and collect images of different natural objects .
As a child , I had lots of collections : sticks , rocks , pebbles and shells .
For some reason , kids do n't .
So to recover this childhood ritual , we have to go out and , in a chapter , <unk> a picture of a flower and then <unk> .
In another chapter , you have to take a picture of a piece of cortex and then driver .
So it creates a digital array of pictures that then you can put on the Web .
A kid in London put a picture of a fox , and he says , `` Oh , today I saw a fox . ''
A kid in India says , `` I saw a monkey . ''
And it creates this kind of social network around a collection of digital photos that have been taking .
Inside of the variants of connection between magic , Earth and technology is many possibilities .
In the next book we asked to have an interaction in which you go out with the iPad and the video on and you actually see an augmented reality group that comes up on the inner plants of the house .
At a moment , the screen is full of leaves .
And you have to make the sound of the wind and <unk> to read the rest of the book .
We go to a world where the forces of nature are <unk> with technology and magic and technology coming to each other .
It 's going to take the power of the sun .
We 're getting closer to our children and ourselves to the natural world and that magic , joy and love love that we felt through a simple story .
Thank you .
I 'd like to talk to you about why many projects of <unk> fail .
And I think , really , that the most important thing about that is that we stop listening to patients .
And one of the things we did at <unk> University was <unk> to a director of listening .
And not in a very scientific way , she raised a little coffee cup or you and asked patients , family and acquaintances , what happens ?
`` How can we help us ?
And we tend to think , that this is one of the biggest problems for what everybody , or maybe not all , but most of the projects of <unk> are failing , because we stop listening .
This is my Wi-Fi scale . It 's very simple .
It has a switch on and off .
Every morning I get up .
And yes , I have a challenge as you can see .
I was challenging to get to 95 kilograms .
But it 's so simple , that every time I connect them , sends my data to Google Health .
And my doctor of <unk> has access to him as well . So , he can see what my weight problem is , not at the same time when he needs assistance , or some urgency of that style , but she 's looking back .
But there 's another thing .
Like some of you know , I have more than 4,000 followers on Twitter .
So , every morning I connect to my Wi-Fi scale and before I go up to my car , people start to talk to me : <unk> , I think you need a light lunch .
That 's the best thing that can happen , because it 's pressure pressure to help patients , because it could be used for obesity , and also for patients to stop smoking .
On the other hand , it can be able to move people out of their chairs and together develop some recreational activity to have more control over their health .
From the next week to be available .
This little <unk> connected to an iPhone or another device .
And people will be able to be able , from their homes , take their blood pressure , send them into their doctor , and share it with others , for example , for 100 dollars .
This is the point where patients assume a position , they come back to recover the control and to be captains of their own ship , but it can also help us care for health care because of the challenges that we face , as the firing of the costs of attention , the doubling of demand and other issues .
And they made techniques that are simple to use and start with this to engage patients in the team .
And they can do that with techniques like this , but also through crowdsourcing .
And one of the things that we did , I want to share it with you with a video .
We all have navigation controls in cars .
Maybe even we have them on our cell phones .
We know perfectly where the ATMs are in <unk> .
Where they 're all the <unk> .
And of course , we can find fast food chains .
But where is the nearest <unk> to help this patient ?
We asked , but nobody knew .
No one knew where to get the bill saves lives right now .
What we did was make crowdsourcing in the Netherlands .
We created a website , and we asked the audience to say , `` If you look at a <unk> , please <unk> , '' where it 's open , and when it 's open , because it 's open , because sometimes you open in office schedules and others are closed .
And over 10,000 <unk> , they were already introduced in the Netherlands .
The next step was to look for the app for that .
And we made an app for the iPad .
We created an app for <unk> , augmented reality , to find these <unk> .
And every time you 're in the city of <unk> , and someone collapses , you can use your iPhone , and in the next few weeks , you 'll use your Microsoft phone to find the closest <unk> , which can save lives .
And from today , I 'd like to present this one , not just as <unk> <unk> , which is the name of the product , but as well as <unk> .
And we 'd like to go worldwide .
We are <unk> all the colleagues in the world , in other universities , to help us find out to work , work and act as a center for <unk> in the world .
Every time you 're on vacation and someone collapses , it can be a relative or someone in front of you , you can find it .
I would also invite companies around the world that could help us convey these <unk> .
You could be <unk> or <unk> people , for example , to see if the <unk> that 's shown is still in place .
Please help us do it , not only improve health , but to take control of it .
Thank you very much .
I 'm here for sharing photography .
Or is it <unk> photography ?
Because of course , they 're photographs that they ca n't take with their cameras .
My interest in photography was woke up with my first digital camera at age 15 .
I mixed with my passion before the drawing , but it was a little bit different because when I used the camera , the process was in planning .
And when you take a photograph with a camera , the process ends up when the trigger is pressed .
For me , photography had more to do with being in the right place , at the right time .
I felt like anybody could do it .
So I wanted to create something different , a process that would start to push the trigger .
Photos like this : construction on a very <unk> road .
But it has an unexpected twist .
And , despite that , it keeps a level of realism .
Or pictures like these -- dark and colorful , but with the common goal of keeping the realism level .
And when I say realism <unk> .
Because of course , it 's not something that I can think of , but I always want it to seem captured in some sense as a photograph .
The ones that you will have to think about a moment to discover the trick .
It 's got more to do with capturing an idea that is capturing a moment .
But what is the trick that makes them seem real ?
Is the details or the colors ?
<unk> light ?
What does the illusion create ?
Sometimes the illusion is the perspective .
But in the end it 's all about our way to interpret the world , and how you can perceive on a two-dimensional surface .
It 's actually not about whether it 's realistic , but what we think is realistic .
So I think the fundamentals are very simple .
I see it as a puzzle of reality where we take different pieces of reality , and we put them together to create an alternative reality .
Let me show you a simple example .
Here we have three objects perfectly imaginable , something that we can all relate to the three-dimensional world .
But combined , they can create something that is still three-dimensional , as if it existed .
But at the same time , we know it does n't exist .
So we pretend to the brain because the brain does n't accept the fact that it does n't really make sense .
And I see the same process as we combine the photographs .
It 's really in combining different realities .
And the things that make a photo look realistic , I think they 're those where we do n't even think about , the things that surround us in our everyday lives .
But when I combine photographs , it 's very important to consider that , because otherwise something will look wrong .
So I 'd like to say that there are three simple rules that will follow to make realistic results .
As you can see , these images are not very special .
But they combine , they can create something like this .
So the first rule is that the combination of photos have to have the same perspective .
Second , the photos they have to have the same kind of light .
And these two images are playing with these requirements ; they were taken to the same height , and with the same kind of light .
The third point is to make impossible impossible to distinguish the principle and the end of the different images with a perfect joint .
It has to be impossible to see where the image was made .
This is another example .
Now , you might think that this is a picture of a landscape and the bottom is manipulated .
But this picture is totally composed of pictures of different places .
I think it 's easier to create a place that find a place to find out , because you do n't need to put the ideas in the head .
But it requires a lot of planning .
And as I thought about this idea in winter , I knew I had several months to <unk> , to find the different locations for the puzzle pieces .
For example , the fish was captured on a fishing trip .
The shores are a different location .
The <unk> part was captured in a stone well .
And yes , I even made a red house at the top of the island to seem more socially .
So to make a realistic outcome , I think it 's missing planning .
It always starts with a sketch , an idea .
Then you have to combine the different pictures .
And here every piece is very good meant .
If you do a good job when you take the pictures , it can be very beautiful , and sometimes it 's very realistic .
All the tools are there and the only frontier is our imagination .
Thank you .
I 'll start showing a slide about technology , very boring .
Please , if you can put it on ...
It 's a anyone diagram that took out of a folder .
I 'm not interested in showing you the details , but the general aspect .
This is an analysis that we were doing about the power of the microprocessors versus the power of local area networks .
What 's interesting about this is that this one , as many others we tend to see , is a kind of straight line on a log scale .
In other words , every step here represents an order of magnitude at the scale scale .
I 'm going to talk about <unk> technology is new .
Here 's something weird about here .
And I 'm just going to talk about it .
Please turn on the lights .
<unk> more intensity because writing on paper .
Why can we plot technology curves on <unk> scales ?
The answer is , if I draw it into a normal curve where , say , these are the years , or some unit of time , and this would be any measure of the technology that I want to draw , the diagram would look something ridiculous .
It would be something like this .
It does n't say much .
But if plot , for example , some other technology , like transportation , in a <unk> curve would be very dumb , we would see a straight line .
But if something like this , you give qualitative change .
If the transportation technology as fast as the microprocessors , we could take a taxi and be in Tokyo in 30 seconds .
But it does n't go to that rate .
There is no precedent in the history of technological development , that every few years advance orders of magnitude .
The question I want to argue about is -- looking at these exponential curves , we see that they 're not going forever .
It 's not possible to hold this change as fast as it goes .
It took one of two things .
Or it 's going to become a typical curve , but it 's going to be something completely different , or maybe I 'll do something like this .
That 's all that can happen .
I 'm optimistic , so I think maybe something will happen .
So , we 'd be in the middle of a transition .
In this line , we 're in a transition from what used to be the world , to a new form .
So what I 'm trying to ask , and wonder , is , what is that new way to adopt the world ?
By what new state is going to go ?
The transition seems very , very confused if we 're engaged in it .
I remember a child in the year 2000 , people used to talk about what would happen in 2000 .
This is a conference where people talk about the future , and we see that the future is still the year 2000 .
That 's all we see .
In other words , the future has shrunk , year after year , throughout my life .
But I think it 's because we feel that something is happening .
That happens a transformation . We can feel it .
And we know that it does n't have a lot of sense to think about 30 or 50 years because everything will be so different that extrapolate what we 're doing today does n't make any sense .
So I want to talk about how it might be , how could that transition that we experience .
But to do that , I 'll have to talk a little bit about things that do n't have much to do with technology and computing .
Because I think the only way to understand it is taking distance and look at things in the long term .
The scale of time I 'd like to do that is the time of life on Earth .
I think this image makes sense if we look at every billion years .
So , you go back about two and a half billion years when the Earth was a great sterile rock with many chemicals that you 'd put around you .
If we look at the way those chemicals were organized , we give us an idea of how things happened .
And I think there are theories to start understanding the origin of RNA , and I 'm going to tell you a simple version of this , and that is that , at that point , I 'd been floating around a few puffs of oil with all sorts of chemical recipes inside .
Some of those blobs of oil droplet had a particular combination of chemicals that made them to be added materials from the outside , and so the blobs grew in grew materials .
And they started to split .
In a sense , those were the most primitive cell forms , those droplets of oil .
But those blobs were not alive , in the current sense , because each of them contained a random recipe of chemicals .
And every time you have divided into an unequal distribution of chemicals that were held .
So every drop was a little bit different .
In fact , the droplets that somehow became better at the time to incorporate the chemicals around ; they were growing more , more chemicals and have divided more .
Mostly , they were more represented more represented .
It was a form of life , chemical life , very simple , but things got interesting when these blobs learned the trick of the abstraction .
In some ways that we do n't understand very well , these handful learned to store information .
They learned to store information , which was the recipe for the cell , in a special chemist called DNA .
In other words , <unk> in this evolution meaningless , a writing system that allowed them to record what they were to be able to replicate .
The incredible thing is that that writing system seems to have remained stable since it evolved two billion years ago .
Our recipe , our genes , have exactly the same code , that same writing system .
In fact , every living thing is expressed with the exact same set of letters and the same code .
And one of the things I did just for fun -- we can write things with this code .
I have 100 <unk> white dust that I try to hide the TEDsters of the airport .
But it contains -- I took this code -- code that code has the common letters that we tend to use on this -- and I wrote my personal data in this piece of DNA , and I 'll be able to shake it 10 at the 22 times .
So if someone wants to be 100 million copies of my personal card , I have a lot of them for everybody in the room -- in fact , for every person in the world , and it 's here .
If it was a <unk> would have put it on a virus , and it would have spread into the room .
What was the next step ?
Writing DNA was an interesting step .
This made these cells be happy another billion years .
But then another big step happened in which things became very different , and that was that these cells began to exchange and communicate information to forming this cells .
I do n't know if you know it , but bacteria can exchange DNA .
So , for example , I evolved antibiotic resistance .
Some bacteria found the way of avoiding penicillin and <unk> to create their small DNA with other bacteria , and now there 's a lot of damage to penicillin because bacteria communicate .
This communication gave place that they would train communities that , in a way , they were together in that ; and found a synergy .
And so they survived or failed together , or whether a community was very successful all the individuals of that community would take more and they were <unk> by evolution .
And the turning point occurred when these communities came up so much that , in fact , they came together and decided to write the whole recipe for the community together in a DNA chain .
The next interesting stage for life took another billion years .
And at that stage , we have multicellular communities , communities of many different cell types working together as a single organism .
In fact , we are a multi-cellular community .
We have a lot of cells that do n't act alone .
The skin cell does n't serve without the heart , or the muscle , or the brain , and so on .
So these communities evolved and produced more interesting levels than the cell phone , something we call an organism .
The next level that happened within these communities .
And these started <unk> information .
And to build very special structures that did n't do more than process information .
They 're the neural structures .
neurons are the devices that process information that these cell communities built .
In fact , they started to specialize within the community being the <unk> structures , understanding and convey the information .
Those were the brains and the nervous system of those communities .
And that gave them an evolutionary advantage .
Because at that time as individuals -- learning was confined to the duration of an organism , and not the period of evolutionary time .
So , an organism could , for example , to learn to not eat some fruit because he knew bad , and the last time she ate it .
That could happen during the life of an organism because they had these information processing structures that by evolution would have learned for hundreds of thousands of years by death of individuals who ate that fruit fruit .
So the fact that the nervous system built those structures of information has accelerated the evolutionary process .
Because evolution could now happen to an individual .
It could happen in the time you need to learn .
But then , of course , individuals discovered the trick of communication .
So , for example , the most refined version we know is human language .
If we think about it , it 's an incredible invention .
I have a very complicated idea , a vague idea .
I 'm here sitting emitting some <unk> , and hopefully , by building a similar , vague idea , and in his heads which holds some analogy with mine .
But we take something very complicated , we converted it into sound , in sound sequences , and make something very complicated in another brain .
That 's now allows us to start to work as an organism .
In fact , as humanity , we 've started on abstractions .
We now go through the same time periods to the multicellular organisms , and we 'll build our record methods , show and information processing .
For example , the invention of language was a small step in that direction .
The telephony , the computer , the video tape , the CD-ROM , and so on . It 's the specialized mechanisms that we 're now building to manage that information .
And that brings us into something much bigger , faster and able to evolve more than we did before .
Now evolution can happen in microseconds .
You saw the <unk> evolutionary <unk> in which produced some evolution with the <unk> program , in our eyes .
And now we 've accelerated time scales again .
The first stages in history that told them for a billion years each .
The next few stages , the nervous system , took over hundreds of millions of years .
The next , and so on , took less than a million years .
And the next thing , like electronics , looks like just a few decades .
The process is self-fulfilling . I guess we 're going to call it the right word to name something that speeds its own pace of change .
The more it changes , the faster it does .
And I think that 's what we 're looking at in this explosion of the curve .
We see the process is self-fulfilling .
But I make my life designing computers , and I know that the mechanisms that we could do for <unk> would n't be possible without the recent computer advances .
But now design objects of such complexity that would be impossible for me to design in a conventional fashion .
I do n't know that every transistor does every transistor machine .
There are billions .
Instead , with designers of <unk> <unk> , we think about a level of abstraction , we put it in the machine and the machine with that does something that you could n't , it gets far further and faster than ever before .
In fact , sometimes they use methods that we do n't even understand .
And a particularly interesting method that I 've been using lately is evolution itself .
So we put in the machine an evolutionary process that operates on the scale of microseconds .
And , for example , in the most extreme cases , we can evolve a program from a random sequence of instructions .
We say , `` Please , can you run a hundred million random instructions ?
Could you run these sequences of instructions at random , run all these programs , and take those more people that are more than what we want to do ? ''
In other words , I define what I want .
Let 's say I want to tidy numbers , to put a simple example .
So , we find the programs that are closer to order to tell numbers .
Of course , it 's unlikely that some random sequences of instructions , <unk> numbers , so none of them did .
But one , fortunately , could find two numbers in the right order .
And I said , `` computer , could you take 10 percent of those random sequences that would better do the task ?
You 're going to <unk> those and <unk> those .
And now I 'm going to tell you the ones that I best ordered the numbers .
And let 's turn back to a process of analogous analog to sex . ''
Let 's take two programs , which will be <unk> , who are <unk> , and that the kids are going to have the properties of both programs .
So we got a new generation of shows from the combinations of programs that had a little more successful .
And we say , `` Please repeat the process . ''
Let 's zoom in again .
It 's going to take a few mutations .
And it tries again and it 's trying again and it tries another generation .
Well , each generation takes a few milliseconds .
So I can do the equivalent of millions of years of evolution in a few minutes or , in complicated cases , in a few hours .
In the end , we ended up with programs that would be absolutely perfect .
In fact , it 's much more efficient programs that I could have written by hand .
If I look at those programs I ca n't tell how they work .
I 've tried to analyze it to see how they work .
These are dark , weird programs .
But they do .
In fact , I know , I have the safety of getting the target , because they come from a lineage of hundreds of programs that they did .
In fact , their lives depended on it .
I was once in a 747 with Marvin Minsky 's and puts out a card and says , `` Look at this .
He says , `` This airplane has hundreds of thousands of <unk> that work together to offer a safe flight , does n't make you feel quiet ? ''
We know that engineering processes do n't work very well when they become complicated .
So we started to rely on computers to make good design processes .
And that allows us to produce much more complex things than normal engineering .
However , we do n't understand the whole choices that we have .
In that sense , it goes in front of us .
Now we use these programs to make much faster computers , and so we can run these programs much faster .
So it 's self-fulfilling .
The thing goes faster and so I think it looks so very confused .
Because all these technologies come back .
We 're taking off .
And we 're at an analogous moment to the point of single-celled organisms when they got multicellular .
We are the amoebas , and we ca n't understand what the hell we 're creating .
We 're at the tipping point .
But I think something comes behind us .
I think it would be very arrogant in our part to think that we are the final product of evolution .
And I think that all of us are part of the creation of whatever it is to come .
But now it comes for lunch , and I think I 'll stop here before I get stuck .
I think we need to do something with a part of the medical culture that has to change .
And I think this starts with a doctor , and that 's me .
And I 've run long enough to let myself give some of my fake prestige on that .
Before I treat my talk , let 's talk a little bit about baseball .
Why not ?
We 're close to the end , this is coming up the World Series .
We love baseball , right ?
baseball is full of amazing statistics .
There are hundreds of statistics .
It 's because of coming out , `` <unk> rules '' -- talk about the statistics and use them to form a great baseball team .
I 'm going to focus on one of them and I hope that many of you know it .
It 's called the average <unk> .
And we talked about 300 , of a <unk> that <unk> 300 .
That means the bat <unk> effectively , three of 10 times .
That means throwing the ball into the field of play without being caught , and that anyone who tried to throw it out to the first base , it does n't get to time , and the second base will be saved .
Three dozen attempts .
You know how they call a <unk> batsman in the Big League ?
Well , really good , maybe the stars of the stars .
You know how they call a baseball <unk> ?
By the way , that 's someone that from 10 taps , they hit four .
<unk> -- like legendary Ted Williams , the last player in the League Major <unk> <unk> <unk> at a regular season .
Now I 'm going to take this to my world of medicine where I feel much more comfortable , or maybe less awkward , after what I 'm going to tell you today .
Suppose you have appendicitis , and they 're derivatives which also has a record of 400 to <unk> .
That does n't work , right ?
Now suppose that you live in a place away , and a loved one has two clogged coronary arteries and your family doctor derived from a cardiologist whose record in <unk> is 200 .
But you know something ?
She 's really dramatically improving this year .
The hits have been <unk> .
This is not working .
But you ask them .
What do you think should be the average of a heart surgeon in a heart surgeon or a <unk> , a nurse or a <unk> ?
1,000 , good .
And the truth of the matter is that no one in all of the medicine knows the hits of a good surgeon , from a doctor or a doctor .
What we do , however , is send them to the world , and I included , with the mandate of being perfect .
That never , ever , make a mistake and try to figure out how to do it well .
That was the message that I was looking at when I was in medical school .
I was a obsessive student <unk> .
Once , a fellow in high school said that Brian Sachs had studied to a blood test .
That .
It was <unk> in my little <unk> , in the nurses ' hospital hospital at Toronto , not far from here .
And I learned all of the memory .
From my anatomy , I memorized the origin and muscle work , the branching from every artery that comes out of the pad , the frequent differential diagnosis and the usual not standard .
And I even knew a differential diagnosis about how to classify the kidney <unk> .
And as much more and more knowledge and more knowledge .
And I was going very well ; I graduated from comfort .
And I 'm looking at the school of medicine with the impression that if you 're going to take it all , then you would know everything , or as possible , close to all , because I 'm getting rid of the mistakes .
And it worked for a while , until I met the lady <unk> .
I was a college hospital in a university hospital here , in Toronto , when they brought the lady in the emergency service , where I was working .
At that time , I was assigned to the cardiology service .
And when emergencies to go to a cardiologist , I was going to go to that patient .
And to inform the head of residents .
When I saw the lady <unk> , I was gasping .
I heard a <unk> sound .
And when the <unk> , I heard a <unk> sound on both sides , which gave me a <unk> heart failure .
In these conditions , the heart stops working , and instead of pump the blood forward , the blood goes into the lungs , these are <unk> , and so there 's difficulty breathing .
And it was n't hard to diagnose .
I did , and I started working on the treatment that would give him .
I gave aspirin and medication to alleviate the pressure in her heart .
I gave him <unk> , water pills , so that I could eliminate liquid .
And in an hour or two , she began to feel better .
And I felt very well .
And that was when I made the first mistake , I sent her home .
I actually made two mistakes .
I sent her home without talking to the chief of residents .
I did n't put up the phone , and I did n't do what I should have done , which I was calling my boss , and I was calling him with him to see him .
And if my boss would have seen it , I would have been able to bring clinical information .
Maybe I did it for a good reason .
Maybe I did n't want to be a resident to be a constant attention .
Maybe I wanted to be so successful and able to take responsibility , that I could take care of my patients without even contact my boss .
The second mistake I made was worse .
They send her home , not paying attention to a voice in my inner saying , `` Goldman bars , is not a good idea . Do n't do it . ''
In fact , I was so insecure that I asked the nurse who was taking care of the lady <unk> , `` Do you think it 's okay if you go home ? ''
And the nurse thought , and then he said <unk> , `` Yes , I think I 'm okay . ''
I remember that as if it was yesterday .
So he signed the high , and the ambulance alongside the ambulance they took her home .
And I went back to the hospital ward .
The rest of that day , that afternoon , I had a bad feeling in the stomach .
But I went on with my work .
At the end of the day , I packed up to leave the hospital and truck to the parking lot , where my car was going to go home . At that time , I did something that I do n't normally do .
It went through the emergency room service service .
And there 's another nurse , not that I was taking care of the lady who was taking care of , but another one . He told me three words , those three words that most emergency doctors fear .
Other specialists fear them too , but there 's a <unk> in <unk> , and that is that we see patients <unk> .
The three words are : Does it remember you ?
`` Does the patient remember his house ? ''
He asked the other nurse , completely <unk> .
`` Well , she came back , '' with the same tone of voice .
She was fine .
But I went back and on the verge of death .
Within an hour of having come to his house , after I gave him the high , he suffered a collapse , and his family called 911 -- and the ambulance had brought her to emergency pressure from 50 centimeters of <unk> , which means a severe shock .
I was barely breathing and blue .
emergency staff will ignore all their resources .
They gave medication to raise blood pressure .
And they had a ventilator .
I was shocked and <unk> to the spinal cord .
He had a mixture of feelings , because after the <unk> was in intensive care , he was hoping for hope he would recover .
And in the two or three days , it was just obvious that we never had .
irreversible brain damage .
The family got together .
And in eight or nine days , they 'd become going on .
And on the ninth day , he was allowed to go . The <unk> lady , mother and mother .
They say they never forget the names that they die .
That was my first experience .
The next few weeks , I was getting excited about it , and I experienced the first time the shame that exists in our medical culture , and I felt alone , isolated , without feeling that healthy shame because you ca n't meet your colleagues .
You make peace and never make that mistake .
It 's the shame that leaves a teaching .
The unhealthy shame that I 'm talking about is what makes us feel bad inside .
It 's the one that tells us not what we did wrong , but we 're bad .
And that felt .
And it was n't my boss ; he was a charm .
I talked to the family , and I 'm sure that I was doing things , and it made sure that I did n't get caught up .
And I kept getting those questions up .
Why did n't I ask my boss ? Why sent her home ?
And in my worst moments , why did I made a mistake that dumb ?
Why did I choose medicine ?
Little by little that feeling was <unk> .
And I began to feel better .
And on an cloudy day , the sky opened , and finally came out the sun , and I wondered if I would feel better again .
And I made a deal with myself in which if we were going to make the efforts to be perfect for not making more mistakes , I would make those voices from .
And that was .
I went back to work .
But it went back .
Two years later , I was an assistant in the emergency emergency in a community hospital in Northern Toronto , and I got a 25 year-old man on her throat .
I was very busy and in a hurry .
And he pointed out here .
I looked into her throat , he was a little bit .
You would <unk> penicillin , and I sent him home .
But while he ran the door , he kept pointing his throat .
Two days later , when I came to do my head guard , my boss asked me to speak to me that in your office .
And I made the three words : Does it remember you ?
Do you remember the patient who saw for a pain in the throat ?
Well he came back and did n't have a <unk> <unk> .
It had a potentially fatal condition called <unk> .
You can look for Google . It 's an infection , not from the throat , but from the upper airline , and that can cause the close to those things .
He , fortunately , he did n't die .
They were managed antibiotics for him , and she recovered at the few days .
And he went across the same period of shame and <unk> , and then went back to work , until it happened again and again , and again .
Two times in the same turn of emergency turn , they do n't get appendicitis .
And it 's a lot of effort , especially working in a hospital , because it would be brought to 14 patients at the same time .
But in both cases , I would n't send them home , and I do n't think it 's been a carelessness .
One of them thought I had a kidney calculation .
Order an X-ray of my kidneys , but it turned out normal . A colleague who was checking some sensitivity , a certain sensitivity in the lower right quadrant and called the surgeon .
The other patient was with diarrhea .
I read a liquid order to <unk> and asked my colleague to look at him .
I checked it up and notice some sensitivity in the lower right quadrant , called the surgeon .
Both were operated and they recovered well recovered .
But every case I 'm going to go , I devoured .
But I 'd like to tell you that I made the worst mistakes in the first five years of exercise , and as many colleagues say , it 's a mess .
<unk> have been over the last five years .
Just embarrassed and not support .
And here 's the problem : if I ca n't release it and talk about my mistakes , if I ca n't find the <unk> that tells me what really happens , how can I share this with my colleagues ?
How do I teach them this so that they do n't make the same mistakes ?
If I go into a place like this , I would have no idea what you think about me .
When was the last time you heard someone talking about failure , after failure after failure ?
Of course , at a party you 'll hear about other doctors 's mistakes , but you wo n't hear someone talking about their own mistakes .
And if I knew and my colleagues also , a <unk> in my hospital , the wrong leg , trust me that he 'd have a hard time to look at the eyes .
This is the system that we have .
The total denial of errors .
It 's the system that there are two positions : those who make mistakes and those who do n't -- those who ca n't sleep and the ones who have a bad results and those who have great results .
And it 's almost like a ideological reaction , as antibodies that you start to attack that person .
We 've got the idea that if we do n't do a lot of medicine to people who make mistakes , we 'll be a safe system .
But that brings two problems .
In about 20 years of diffusion and medical journalism , I 've made a personal malpractice study on medical malpractice and errors in order to learn how possible , from the first paper that I wrote to the `` Star <unk> '' to my program : `` White <unk> , Black Art . ''
And what I learned is that mistakes are kind of ubiquitous .
We work in a system where the errors happen every day , where one of 10 medications drugs are wrong in the hospital are wrong , or no longer is right . In a system where <unk> infections are increasingly , and more numerous , causing chaos and death .
In this country , 24,000 Canadian died for preventable medical errors .
The U.S. Medicine Institute set 100,000 .
Now , in both cases , it 's about <unk> <unk> , because we 're not having the problem as we should .
And so there are things .
A hospitable system where knowledge is multiply every two or three years , and we do n't get bored .
Now sleep deprivation .
And we ca n't get rid of it .
We have cognitive biases that allow a perfect history of a patient with chest pain .
Now , let 's take the same patient with a chest pain , and it 's coming with <unk> eyes and breath to alcohol , and all of a sudden , my story was <unk> about contempt .
It 's not the same story .
I 'm not a robot ; I do n't do things always the same .
And my patients are not cars . They did n't help their symptoms always in the same way .
For all of this , mistakes are inevitable .
So if we took the system as we were taught , and we eliminated all the <unk> professionals , well , no one 's going to be .
How do people do n't want to talk about their most serious cases ?
In my program : `` <unk> white , Black art , '' is already a habit to say , `` This is my worst mistake . '' I would say to you all , from the ambulance to the head of heart surgery , `` this is my worst mistake , '' blah , blah , blah -- `` What are your mistakes ? '' And you 're going to
And their students were going to be torn down , and they 'll go down , down the head and saliva and start telling their stories .
They want to tell their stories , they want to share their stories .
They said , `` Look , do n't make the same mistake . ''
They need a context where they can do it .
They need a medical culture .
And it starts with a doctor every time .
The physician is human , human beings , is known , they accept it , and they 're not proud of their mistakes , but he tries to learn from what 's happened to teach others .
He shares their experiences with them .
It 's support for those who talk about their mistakes .
Let 's make the mistakes of other people , not with the intention of catch , but in a loving and supportive way for all that they all benefit .
And it works in a medical culture that recognizes that human beings run the system , and when this happens , you make mistakes occasionally .
My name is Brian Sachs .
I 'm a redefined physicist .
I 'm human , making mistakes .
And I 'm so sorry , but I was effort to learn something that I can convey to others .
I do n't know what you think about me , but I can live with that .
And let me conclude with three personal words : I remember .
Do you know how many decisions we take one day ?
Do you know how much we choose in a week ?
Recently , I made a survey more than 2,000 people and the average amount of choices that says to choose an American American , it 's about 70 a day .
It does n't do very much , in a research group on a week of companies .
The researchers recorded all the different tasks that are driven by these executives and the time that they were making decisions related to those tasks .
They found that , on average , <unk> <unk> works a week .
Now , of course , every work included a lot of <unk> .
Half of those decisions took nine minutes or less .
Only 12 percent required an hour or more of their time .
Now think of their choices .
Do you know how many you are in the middle of nine minutes , and how many at an hour ?
So how did the way control those decisions do ?
Today I want to talk about one of the biggest problems today : choice at the overload of options .
I want to talk about the problem and about possible solutions .
As I talk about this , I 'm going to ask you a few questions , and I need to know your answers .
When I ask a question , as I 'm blind , raise your hand only if you want to burn calories .
Otherwise , when you ask a question , if your response is positive please to take a pat .
And now my first question of the day : Are you ready to hear about the problem of the choice of choice ?
Thank you .
Being a graduate student at Stanford University , I had this very , very high level supermarket -- at least in that time was very sophisticated .
It was called <unk> 's .
It was almost like going to an amusement park .
There were 250 different kinds of mustard and vinegar , over 500 different types of fruits and vegetables and about 25 of the bottled water , and this was when we would take water off the faucet .
I loved going to that store , but on one occasion , I asked myself , why do n't I buy anything ?
This is the olive oil shelf .
They had more than 75 different kinds , including those who were in box box that came from millennials .
I once decided to visit the manager , and I asked him , `` Does it work this strategy to offer all these options ? ''
He pointed to me the buses with the tourists that came in every day , usually with his cameras .
We decided to do a little experiment with <unk> .
aisle .
They had different kinds of classes .
<unk> a post to <unk> , right at the entrance to the store .
So we put out of six tastes , or out of 24 flavors , and we looked at two things : First , what do people were willing to stop testing the jelly ?
More people stopped when there was 24 ; 60 percent , that when there were only six , 40 percent .
We also looked at what case they were more likely to buy a jar of jelly jelly .
Here 's the opposite effect .
Of those who stopped when there were 24 , only three percent came to buy jars .
Of those who stopped when there were six , we saw 30 percent bought jelly jelly .
If we do the calculations , people were six times more likely to buy jars if they were six , that if they were in 24 .
Well , we will decide that we do n't buy jars , we probably want to buy it , except it 's a good thing to keep the <unk> , but it turns out that the problem of the choices of choices is affecting us on momentous decisions .
We decided to do n't decide , even though that 's not going to be enough .
Now the issue of the day : the financial savings .
I 'm going to describe to you a study that I did with <unk> <unk> , <unk> <unk> and Wei <unk> , where we see decisions about savings in retirement of about a million Americans , from about 650 plans of this country .
We were interested to see if the number of funds available in savings plans in retirement plans , 401 program , <unk> people to save for the future .
And we found that there really was a correlation .
We had <unk> plans that went from two to 59 options .
We found that the larger the number of funding was used , there was less participation .
So if we look at the extremes , we see that in the plans that they offer two funds , the rate of participation was 70 percent or more , not as high as they want .
And in the plans that they offered about 60 funds , the participation rate came down to the 1960s .
It turns out , even if you decide to participate , when there are more options , even in that case , there are negative consequences .
So , for those who decided to participate , the larger the number of choice , the more people are going to be used to avoid equity or investment funds .
As much more options were , they were more willing to invest in financial accounts .
But none of these very extreme decisions are the ones that we will build to optimize the future financial well-being .
In the previous decade , we 've seen three main negative consequences at delivering more and more possibilities .
What is more likely to make , which is that it <unk> the decision , which is even though it goes against the self-interest .
It 's more likely to make the worst decisions -- in finance and health .
They 're more likely to choose less satisfying things , even less satisfying them .
The main reason is that you 're looking at that giant variety of <unk> , mustard and vinegar and jelly , but we 're not able to do the calculations to compare , contrast and choose from that amazing display .
Today I want to propose four simple techniques that we 've tried , in one way or another , in different research , so that you can test it in your business .
The first one is , <unk> .
You 've never heard it before , but it has never been more true than today , which is less .
People are always upset when I say , `` <unk> . ''
They care about losing space in <unk> .
But actually what we 're seeing more and more is that if you choose to cut , you get rid of weird redundant options , you 'll have an increase in sales , you 'll get costs , there will be a better experience in choice .
When <unk> & Gamble has gone from 26 types of Head & quot 15 , you saw a 10 percent increase in sales .
When the Golden Gate <unk> eliminated the products for junk waste that less sold , the profit were increased at 87 percent , for two causes : greater sales and smaller cost .
You know that today 's supermarkets , it 's offered 45,000 products .
At a store of Walmart , there are about 100,000 products .
But the nine largest store in the world today is <unk> and offers only 1,400 products -- a kind of tomato sauce in can .
In the world of financial savings , I think one of the best examples that have emerged on how to handle the best choices is Robert <unk> , the Harvard program .
All of the Harvard employees are automatically speaking to a insurance fund .
The people who really want to choose , are offered 20 dollars , not 300 or more .
You know , often people say , `` I do n't know how to cut .
These are all important options . ''
The first thing I do is ask the employees , `` Tell me the differences that are between those options .
And if your employees can not tell the difference , you can not do their customers . ''
This evening , before I started this session , I was talking to Gary .
He told me that he would be willing to offer people this audience on a vacation with all paid to the most beautiful road in the world .
Here , a description .
I want you to read it .
I 'm going to leave a few seconds to read it , and then I want you to take a round of applause if you 're ready to take the offer of Gary .
( Few applause ) Okay . Anybody who 's ready to accept the offer .
They 're not more ?
Well , I 'm going to show you something else .
You knew there was a trick .
Who 's ready for that journey ?
I think I really got to hear more hands .
All right .
Actually , you had more information in the first round , that in the second , but I can tell you that they thought the second time was more real .
Because the images made it more real .
This brings me to the second technique to handle the problem of the choice of choices , which is <unk> .
For people to understand differences between options , they have to understand the consequences of every choice , and that the consequences must feel very deeply , very concrete .
Why are people spending 15 to 30 percent more on average when they use debit cards or credit cards , when they use cash ?
Because it does n't look like real money .
It turns out that it becomes more real , it can be a very positive tool for people to save more .
We did a studio with <unk> <unk> and <unk> <unk> , about <unk> <unk> who were working on <unk> , these people were at a meeting where they were getting punched plan .
In that meeting , I just save exactly the way we used to use , we made a small addition .
What we added is that we appeal to the staff to think of the positive things that they would think of their lives if they were saving more money .
With this <unk> , there was a increase in 20 percent affiliations , and an increase in how much they were interested in saving or what they wanted to put on their savings accounts , four percent .
The third technique is <unk> .
We can handle more categories than options .
For example , this is a study that we did in a hallway in magazines .
We saw that in supermarkets , we 've seen that in supermarkets , the exhibition of magazines can contain from <unk> different types to <unk> .
But , you know ?
Because classification tells me how to tell the difference .
These are two jewelry exhibitions .
One is called `` <unk> , '' and the other one , `` <unk> . ''
If you think that the one on the left is <unk> , and the one on the right is <unk> , you tap it .
( Few applause ) Well , there are some .
If you think that the one on the left is <unk> , and the one on the right is <unk> , you tap it .
Well , something else .
It turns out that it 's right .
The one on the left is <unk> and the one on the right is <unk> . But you know something ?
This classification scheme is completely useless .
categories must indicate something to you choose , not that it defines .
And often you see this problem with these huge lists of funds .
Who are reporting to who are informing ?
My fourth category : complexity complexity .
It turns out we can handle a lot more information than we think about , if we just simplified it a little bit .
We need to increase complexity gradually .
I 'm going to show you an example of what I mean .
Let 's see a very complicated decision ; the purchase of a car .
This is a German manufacturer of cars that allows us to completely reform .
You have to take 60 decisions , to put your car together .
And these decisions vary in the number of options that offers each one .
<unk> , color outside of the car . I have 56 possibilities .
engine , junction box -- four choices .
What I 'm going to do is change the order in which the decisions make .
So half the clients are going to go from lots of options , 56 colors , to a few , four boxes .
The other half of the clients are going to go out of a few options , four boxes , to 56 colors , lots of options .
And what am I going to look at ?
How involved you are .
If you 're always going to be the default way in every decision , this indicates you 're overwhelmed , or it 's : we 're losing them .
We find that they go from many choices to a few choices , push the default button and again , and another .
We lose them .
If you go from a few choices to many , you go there .
The same information , the same number of options .
The only thing I did was <unk> the order in which information is presented .
If we start with easy , you learn to choose .
Even though , the choice of change does n't say anything about the preferences in the interior decoration , in all ways you set up to choose .
We 're excited about a product that we 're building that we 're building that now has more engaged in the process .
So to sum up .
I 've been talking about four techniques to mitigate the problem of the overload of options : <unk> , eliminating strange alternatives -- <unk> , to make it real ; we can handle more categories with less options ; we infer complexity .
All these techniques that I 've been presented with were designed to help handle the alternatives -- or better , for you , to use them in their own issues , or for people who serve .
I think the key to getting the best of a choice is being careful when they choose .
And the more careful we are in our choices , we can practice the art of choice .
Thank you very much .
In the 1980s , in communist East Germany , a communist machine , if you had a writing machine to write to the government .
I had to register a text sheet of written with the machine .
And this so that government could track the origin of the texts .
If they were writing with the wrong message , they could track the footprint to the origin of the idea .
In the West , we do n't think that someone could do this , so much that this will make freedom of expression .
We would never do that in our countries .
But today , in 2011 , if you buy a laser printer from any big manufacturer , and it prints a page , that page will end up having some yellow yellow dots on every page that makes you a pattern that makes you so and your printer .
That 's happening to us today .
And nobody seems to be a lot about this .
This is an example of the ways that our governments are using technology against us , the citizens .
And it 's one of the three main causes of problems in the network .
If you look at what happens in the world online , we can put together the attacks of your attackers .
There are three main groups .
They 're the cybercriminals .
As Mr. Dimitry <unk> in Kiev 's city in Kiev .
Today 's cellphone is very easy to understand .
These guys make money .
They use the cyberattacks to make a lot of money , huge amounts .
There are really many cases of millionaires online , billionaires , that <unk> money with his attacks .
This is Vladimir <unk> , from <unk> , Estonia .
This is Alfred unqualified .
This is Stephen Watt .
This is <unk> <unk> .
These are Matthew Anderson , <unk> <unk> etc. , etc. , etc .
These guys make their scores online , but they do it for illegal media through banking stations to steal money from our account when we bought online , or steal our keys to get information from our cards when we buy a computer infected .
The U.S. secret service , two months ago , froze the Swiss account of this guy , Sam Jain , and this realization had millions of dollars when it was frozen .
He 's just going off . They do n't know his stop .
And I say that today , it 's more likely than any of us to be a victim of a crime than a real crime .
And it 's very obvious that this goes wrong .
In the future , most of the crimes going online .
The second group of attackers who are looking at today is not driven by the money .
There 's another thing that moves them , they motivate them to motivate them , motivating them to motivate them .
Groups like Anonymous have been <unk> in the last 12 months occupying a prominent role in the attacks .
Those are the three primary bombers : criminals who do it for money , <unk> like Anonymous who are doing it to protest and the last group are national states who attack .
And then we see cases like the <unk> .
That 's a good example of government attack against their own citizens .
<unk> is a <unk> authority of the Netherlands , or actually , it was .
<unk> would fall last fall , because of a <unk> .
<unk> the safety of the site and that was a <unk> .
Last week I asked , in a meeting with the Dutch government representatives , I asked one of the leaders if they were able to find the death of people who are trying to attack the death attack .
And the answer of him was yes .
So how do people die because of a attack of these ?
<unk> is an <unk> authority .
They were certified .
What do they serve ?
Well , you need to do it if you have a website with <unk> , <unk> services , services like Gmail .
Except that <unk> an <unk> authority .
And that they were going to give us the <unk> certificates .
And in the case of <unk> , exactly that .
And what happened in the Arab Spring and those things that have happened , for example , in Egypt ?
Well , in Egypt , the protesters ranged from the British British police headquarters in April 2011 , and during the building of the building , they found a lot of papers .
Among those papers was this folder `` <unk> . ''
And within that folder , there was a company notes of a company based in Germany that had been sold the Egyptian government tools to intercept the communications of the citizens of the country .
It had sold this tool for 3,000 euros the Egyptian government .
The company 's headquarters is right here .
I mean , Western governments provide tools for totalitarian governments to do this to their citizens .
But Western governments are also doing this to themselves .
For example , in Germany , only a couple of weeks ago , found the <unk> <unk> -- a <unk> used by government officials to investigate their own citizens .
If you 're a suspect in a criminal case , it 's pretty obvious that your phone is <unk> .
But today it goes beyond .
They <unk> the Internet connection .
<unk> even tools like <unk> <unk> to infect our computer with a <unk> to allow them to see all the communication , and listen to online discussions , to get our data .
When we think carefully about things like these the obvious answer should be , `` Well , it seems bad , but it does n't really affect me because I 'm an honest citizen .
Why worry ?
I have nothing to hide . ''
And that argument does n't make sense .
It 's in play with privacy .
Privacy is not arguing .
It 's not a question of privacy against safety .
It 's about freedom against control .
Now , if we could trust our governments today in 2011 , any right to do today , it will be forever .
Would it blind in any future government , in an administration that we could have within 50 years ?
These are the questions that you have to worry about the next 50 years .
This is where I live . I live in Kenya , in the southern part of Nairobi National Park .
These are the cows of my dad , at the bottom , and behind the cows , the National Park of Nairobi .
The National Park of Nairobi does n't have fences in most of the south , which means that wild animals like zebras migrate outside of the park .
And predators , like lions , they follow them , and this is what they do .
Our livestock would be .
This is one of them who killed at night , and so soon we got up in the morning , and we found it dead , I felt pretty bad because it was the only bull we had .
My community , the <unk> , we think we came from the sky with our animals and all the land to <unk> , and so we value them so much .
So , I grew up hate with lions .
They were dying are warriors who protect our community and livestock , and they 're also upset with the problem .
So they kill lions .
This is one of the six lions who killed in Nairobi .
I think this is because of this few in Nairobi National Park .
A child in my community , from six to nine years old , is responsible for the cattle of his father , and this was the same thing to me .
So I had to find a way to solve this problem .
My first idea was to use fire , because I thought that male lions were scared .
But I realized that actually does n't help , because I even helped lions see the pen away .
I did n't give up . He went on .
A second idea was to use a <unk> .
He was trying to trick the lions so they believed that I was close to the pen .
But lions are very smart . They came on the first day and they saw the <unk> , and they were , and they were , but the second day , they came back and said , `` This thing does n't move , it 's always here . So just jumped and killed animals .
So one night I was walking around the pen with a torch , and that day the lions did n't come .
I found that lions are afraid of the light that moves .
So I had an idea .
And I got a switch on it to turn on and turn the lights off .
And this is a little lamp of a broken flashlight .
It 's all .
As you can see , the solar cell will charge the battery , and the battery will cut electricity into the little box . I call it a transformational .
And the <unk> box makes the lights <unk> .
As you can see , the <unk> get out , because that 's where the lions come from .
And this is how lions see when they come from night .
<unk> lights and <unk> the lions to think that I 'm walking around the barn , but I 'm sleeping in my bed .
Thank you .
So I put them in my house two years ago , and since then , we never got back to a problem with lions .
And the neighborhood houses heard the idea .
One of them is from this grandmother .
She had killed a lot of animals , and he asked me if he could put the lights .
I said yes .
I put them . You can see the bottom , these are the lights for lions .
Since then , I 've installed them at seven houses in my community , and they 're serving a lot .
And my idea also is used by all of Kenya , to scare other predators like hyenas , leopards , and it 's also being used to scare farms out of farms .
Because of this invention , I was fortunate to get a grant in one of the best schools in Kenya , <unk> School , and I 'm very excited .
My new school now is helping to raise funding and <unk> .
It even led to my friends to my community and we installed lights in the houses that they do n't have , and I 'll teach them how to put them .
So a year ago , I was just a child in the savanna meadows , the cows of my father , and I used to see airplanes , and I was told that someday I would be inside one .
And today I am .
I got the opportunity to come in an airplane for the first time to TED .
My great dream is to get to be an engineer and a pilot , when it grows .
I used to hate lions , but now as my invention is saving the cows of my dad and the lions , we can be with lions without any conflict .
<unk> <unk> . What in my tongue means , thank you very much .
Chris Anderson : You do n't picture you just how exciting it is to hear a story like you .
So you got a scholarship . Richard <unk> : Yes .
CA : You 're working on other inventions .
What 's the next on your list ?
<unk> : My next invention is -- I want to do an electric fence . CA : An electric fence ?
<unk> : I know that the electrical fences were already invented , but I want to do my own .
CA : Well , I 've already enjoyed it once , right , and you -- <unk> : I 've tried it before , but I 've stopped because I got a <unk> . CA : At the foot foot . Richard <unk> , you 're a big thing .
We 're going to take it on every step you give , my friend of mine .
Thank you very much . <unk> : Thank you very much .
When I was a little bit , I thought my country was the best on the planet .
And I grew up singing a song called `` <unk> nothing . ''
And I felt so proud .
In school , we passed all the time studying Kim <unk> 's history , but we never learned a lot about the rest of the world , except that America , South Korea , Japan are the enemies .
Even though I was wondering about the rest of the world , I thought I would happen all my life in North Korea , until all of a sudden it changed .
When I was seven years old , I saw my first public execution .
But I thought my life in North Korea was normal .
My family was not poor , and I was never hungry .
But one day , in 1995 , my mom brought home a letter from my sister 's colleague .
He said , `` When I was going to say this , the five members of the family will stop there in this world , because we have n't eaten in the two weeks .
We 're <unk> together on the floor , and our bodies are so weak , that we 're prepared to die . ''
It was really altered .
I was the first time I heard that people were suffering in my country .
At a time , when I was walking in front of the train station , I saw something terrible that I ca n't erase my memory .
A woman without life was dead on the street , holding a kid in her arms looking out the face of her mother without being able to do anything .
Nobody was helping them , because they were very concerned about taking care of themselves and their families .
A huge famine leads to North Korea in North Korea in the middle of the '90s .
In the end , over a million North Koreans died during the famine , and just a few survived it survived grass , insects and bark .
They also became more and more frequently , the energy breaks , all around me was completely in dark at night except for the ocean lights in China , barely crossing the river from my house .
I always wondered why they had light and not .
This is a satellite picture of North Korea at night compared to the neighboring countries .
This is the river <unk> , which is from North Korea and China .
As you can see , the river can be very narrow in certain points , allowing North North Koreans .
But many die .
Sometimes , I saw bodies floating in the river .
I ca n't reveal the details of how I came out of North Korea , but I can only say that during the years of hunger , I was sent to China to live with distant relatives .
But I just thought I 'd be separated from my family for short time .
I could never have imagined it would take 14 years to live together .
In China , it was difficult to live as a young woman without my family .
I had no idea what life was like a <unk> refugee .
But soon , I learned that it 's not only extremely difficult , but too dangerous , because the North refugees in China were illegal immigrants .
So I was living with a constant fear that my identity were revealed , and it would be <unk> to a horrible destination back in North Korea .
One day , my worst nightmare was actually done , when I was arrested by the Chinese police and I was arrested at the police station .
Someone had accused me for being <unk> , then I 'd run my skills in the Chinese language and asked me a lot of questions .
I was <unk> .
I thought my heart was going to explode .
If it did n't seem natural , it could be incarcerated and <unk> .
I thought my life was going to end .
But I managed to control my emotions and answered the questions .
At the end of the interrogation , a journeyman said to another , `` This was a fake report . She 's not <unk> . ''
And they let me go . It was a miracle .
Some North Koreans in China seek asylum in foreign embassy .
But many can be arrested by the Chinese police and <unk> .
These women were very lucky .
Even though they had captured them , they were eventually released after an international pressure lasts .
These North Koreans were not so lucky .
Every year , countless Koreans are captured in China and <unk> North Korea , where they are tortured , imprisoned or executed in public .
Although I was lucky to escape , many other North Koreans have n't been so lucky .
It 's tragic that North Koreans have to hide their identities and fight so hard to survive .
Even after learning a new language and find work , everybody can be able to make it in an instant .
That 's why , after 10 years of hiding my identity , I decided to be risky going to South Korea .
And I started a new life again .
<unk> in South Korea was a much greater challenge than I expected .
English was very important in South Korea , I had to start learning my third language .
Also , I understood that there was a huge gap between North and South .
We 're all Koreans , but inside , we 've come to be very different from 67 years of division .
I even went through an identity crisis .
Am I <unk> or <unk> ?
Where am I ? Who am I ?
Suddenly , there was no country I could call a pride of mine .
Even though we were going to go to life in South Korea , it was n't easy , I did a plan . I started studying for the income exam to university .
Just when I started to <unk> my new life , I got an alarming call .
The North Korean authorities were able to remove some money that I sent to my family , and as punishment , my family was going to be displaced to force to a location outside .
They had to flee away immediately .
So I started planning how to help them escape .
North Koreans have to travel long distances on the way to freedom .
It 's almost impossible to cross the border between North Korea and South Korea .
So ironically , I took a flight to China and went to the border with North Korea .
Because my family could n't speak Chinese , I had to guide them , somehow , for more than 3,000 miles across China , and then through the southeast of Asia .
The journey in <unk> took a week , and we were almost caught several times .
Once , our bus was arrested and tackled by a Chinese police officer .
He asked for everybody , and he started asking them questions .
As my family could n't understand Chinese , I thought my family was going to be arrested .
When the Chinese officer came up to my family , impulse , I stood up and I told him that they were a accompanying person that was accompanying .
I looked at me , but fortunately he believed me .
We did all the way to the border of Laos .
But I had to spend almost all my money to bribe the border guards in Laos .
But even after passing the border , my family was arrested and incarcerated to cross the border illegally .
After paying tickets and bribes , my family was released in a month .
But at the time , my family was arrested and incarcerated again in the capital of Laos .
This was one of the lowest points in my life .
I did all of my family release , and we were so close to , but my family was <unk> in prison in prison in the <unk> of South Korea .
I was going to come in between the immigration office and the police station , desperately trying to release my family .
But I did n't have enough money to pay more bribes or tickets .
I lost hope .
At that point , or the voice of a man , I wonder , `` What 's the problem ? ''
I was so surprised that a stranger would care about asking .
With my poor English , and with a dictionary , I explained the situation , and without hesitation , the man was the ATM , and he gave me the rest of the money for my family , and for other North Koreans , and to get them out of prison .
I thank her with all my heart , and I asked him , `` Why do I help me ? ''
`` I 'm not helping you , '' he said .
`` I 'm helping the <unk> village . ''
I realized that was a symbolic moment in my life .
The kind of stranger who had new hope for me and for the <unk> village when we needed more .
And I showed me that the kindness of strangers and the support of the international community are really the rays of hope that the <unk> people need .
Over time , after our long journey , my family and I came together in South Korea .
But to get their freedom is only half the battle .
Many North Koreans are separated from their families and when they 're going to go to a new country , they start with little or no money .
So we can benefit from the international community with education , practices of English language , work practices , and more .
We can also act as a bridge between people in North Korea and the rest of the world .
Because many of us are still in contact with relatives still inside , and we send information and money that is helping to change North Korea from the inside .
I 've been very lucky , I 've gotten a lot of help and inspiration in my life , so I want to help North Koreans an opportunity to thrive with international support .
I 'm sure you 're going to see more and North Koreans are all around the world , including on the TED stage .
Thank you .
I live in South Pole .
This is South Pole : <unk> stores , fast food , <unk> land .
So the city planners came together and thought , we 're going to change the name of South Central Center to represent something else , so they switched to South L.A , as if this is going on , what 's really wrong in the city .
This is L.A. . <unk> of <unk> , fast food , <unk> land .
Just like <unk> million other Americans , I live in a food desert , L.A. Center south , home to the food places to take and to eat in the car .
What 's curious is that the food places to bring more people killed more people than food in the car .
People are dying of illness from diseases in L.A. , South Pole .
For example , the obesity rate in my neighborhood is five times older than , say , Beverly Hills , which is about 15 miles away .
I can emphasize to see this happen .
And I wonder , how would you feel if you did n't have access to healthy food , and if every time you come home , you see the bad effects that the current food system is in your neighborhood ?
I see salt chairs and sold as being used cars .
I see dialysis from dialysis <unk> centers like Starbucks .
And I think this should stop .
I think the problem is the solution .
Food is the problem , and it 's the solution .
And I 've also got tired of me getting tired minutes back and forth to buy an apple that does n't have pesticides .
What I did , was plant a food forest in front of my house .
In a land sliver we call a gardening .
It 's 45 me .
The point is , it belongs to the city .
But you have to keep it .
I said , `` Well , I can do what comes me to win , because it 's my responsibility and I have to keep it on . ''
That 's how I decided to keep it .
So my group and I , L.A. Green <unk> , we put ourselves together and we started planting our food forest , <unk> trees , you know , the nine full vegetables .
What we do , we 're a kind of paid group in advance in gardeners of all the backgrounds , all the backgrounds , all the city and completely voluntary , and everything we do is for free .
And the garden , I was beautiful .
Then somebody complained .
The city got me on top of this , and I 'm just given me a <unk> saying that I had to remove my garden , the <unk> was made by court order .
And I said , `` Come on , right ?
One warrant judicial for planting food in a piece of land that nobody matters ? '' So it was like , `` Well , let 's get it . ''
Because this time was n't going to happen .
The L.A. Times had the story written by Steve <unk> , and he talked to the <unk> and one of the <unk> -- <unk> , who put a petition on <unk> , with 900 signatures , we were successful .
We had victory in our hands .
My <unk> even called to say that <unk> and loved what we were doing .
I mean , let 's go , why is n't it ?
L.A. is the American city with more <unk> terrain .
It 's 68 miles of <unk> land .
That 's equivalent to 20 Central Parks .
That 's enough space to plant <unk> million tomato plants .
Why the hell does n't it look like this ?
Let 's get a plant giving a thousand , 10,000 seeds .
When a dollar of <unk> will give you 75 dollars a result .
It 's my anthem , when I tell people , you cultivate your own food .
Your own food is like print your own money .
You see , I have a legacy for South Pole .
I grew up there . Let 's get my children there .
I became part of this <unk> reality that was <unk> for me , and I 'm going to manufacture my own reality .
You see , I 'm an artist .
<unk> is my graffiti , I grew up my art .
As an artist 's artist , he <unk> walls , I soils off soils , <unk> .
I use the garden , the land , like a piece of canvas , and the plants and the trees , are my <unk> of that canvas .
You 'd be surprised to see what the land can do . If you let your canvas be .
You just ca n't imagine how amazing a sunflower is and how it affects people .
What happened ?
I witnessed how my garden became a tool of education , in a transformation of my neighborhood .
To change the community , you have to change the composition of land .
We 're the land .
You 'd be surprised to see how it affects kids .
<unk> is the most therapeutic and provocative act that they can do , especially in a <unk> .
Also , they get strawberries .
I remember one occasion , which came a mother and her daughter , were like the Brothers of the night and they were in my yard , came out and looked very <unk> .
Me , well , man , I felt bad that they were there , and I said , you know , you do n't have to do this .
This is in the street for a reason .
I felt ashamed to see people who were so close to hunger , and this just reinforces why I do this , people ask me , `` End , do n't people go to steal your food ? ''
I say , `` Oh , God forbid , I 'm not afraid that they 're going to steal . ''
That 's why it 's on the street .
That 's what it 's about .
I want you to take it , but I want you to take your health care . ''
There was another time I put a garden in a homeless shelter in the center of Los Angeles .
And were these guys , they helped me download the truck .
It was fabulous , they shared their stories about how this affected and how they used to plant with their mom and her grandmother , and it was fabulous to see how this changed it , so it 's just for a moment .
So Green <unk> has come to plant maybe 20 gardens .
We 've had , like about 50 people who come , work and participate , all on voluntary plan .
If kids grow <unk> , the kids would eat <unk> .
If they grow tomatoes , they 'll eat tomatoes , but if none of these are taught , if you 're not taught how food affects your mind and your body , you eat blind , what you 'll put them in front of them .
I see young people who want to work , but they have this thing that they 're stuck in . I see kids that are in this path designed for them , which does n't take them anywhere .
With the gardening , I see an opportunity in which we can train these kids who are <unk> from their communities to have a sustainable life .
And when we do this , who knows ?
Maybe you have the next George Washington <unk> .
But if we do n't change the composition of land , we will never .
Now this is one of my plans , this is something I want to do .
I want to plant a whole block of gardens , where people can share food on the same block .
I want to bring containers and turn them into healthier cafes .
Do n't get me wrong .
I 'm not talking about it for free , because the free is not sustainable .
The curious about sustainability , it is you 've got to <unk> it .
What I 'm talking about is to put people working on the street , to get the kids out of the street , who know the joy , the pride and the honor of growing their own food , opening markets .
What I want to do here , we need to make it sexy .
I want everybody to become <unk> <unk> , <unk> , gardeners <unk> .
We have to change the script of what a <unk> is .
If you 're not a gardener , you 're not a <unk> .
You know , let them take their backhoe in their basement ?
That 's his weapon of choice .
In addition , if you want to meet with me , well , if you want to see me , I do n't call me if you want to sit in comfortable chairs and have meetings to talk about making some crap -- to talk about making some crap .
If you want to see me , come to the garden with your backhoe , so that we can plant something .
Peace : Thank you .
Thank you .
( <unk> noise ) You probably all agree with me that this is a very nice road .
It 's made out of asphalt , and asphalt is a good material to drive , but not always , especially in days as today , where it rains a lot .
You can have a lot of water on the asphalt that comes from .
And especially if you 're riding on your bicycle and these cars go , that 's not very nice .
In addition , the tarmac can make a lot of noise .
It 's a noisy material , and if we build roads , as in the Netherlands , very close to cities , we 'd want a silent road .
The solution for that is to do <unk> roads .
The porous asphalt , a material that we use now in most of the roads in the Netherlands , has pores , and the water can pass through it , so the whole water flow flow sideways , and you 'll have a road because it 's easy to drive , and you do n't drink water ever .
The noise also disappear in these pores .
Because it 's very hollow , all the noise disappear , so it 's a very quiet road .
It also has a disadvantages , of course , and the downside of this road is that you can undo .
What is you going to get rid of ? You see that on this road , the stones on the surface are coming out .
First stone , then several more and more and more and so on , and then -- well , I wo n't do that , but you can hurt your windshield , and you wo n't be happy with that .
And finally , this can also lead to more and more damage .
Sometimes you can create potholes with that .
Ah . He 's ready .
<unk> , of course , that you can become a problem , but we have a solution .
So here you can actually see the damage in this material .
It 's kind of porous asphalt , as I said , so it only has a little bit of <unk> between the stones .
Because of the elements , the ultraviolet light , to iron , this <unk> , this <unk> , the glue between the <unk> , <unk> , and if it shrinks , you 'll get them apart and separate from the wild .
So , if you drive on the road , you 'll get the tacked into the <unk> -- you 've seen it here .
To solve this problem , we think of materials from <unk> .
If we can make this material happen , then we probably have a solution .
So what we can do is use wool wool from that to clean up <unk> , and we can cut the steel wool into very small pieces , and we can mix those little pieces with the <unk> .
So we have asphalt with little pieces of steel wool on it .
Then you need a machine , like the one you see here , that you use to cook -- a induction machine .
The induction can heat up , especially steel , is very good at that .
So what you have to do is make the steel heat , melt of the <unk> , the <unk> flow by these <unk> and stones , <unk> it back to the surface .
Today , this is a microwave oven , because I ca n't bring the big of induction here on stage .
The microwave oven is a similar system .
I put up the show , which I 'm going to take you back to see what happened .
This is the show coming out now .
I said we have this kind of industrial machine in the lab to heat the samples .
We did a lot of samples there and then the government , they actually saw our results , and they thought , `` Well , that 's really interesting . We 've got to try . ''
So we gave us a piece of road , 400 meters from the <unk> highway , where we had to make a lane of trial to test this material .
So that 's what we did there . You see where we were doing the road test , and then , of course , this road will last several years without any harm . That 's what we know about practice .
We take lots of samples of this road and test them in the lab .
We did the age of the samples , we put a lot of burden on them , and then we turned them together with our induction machine , and we turned them back to prove it .
We can repeat this many times .
Well , to conclude , I can say that we 've made a material using steel fibers , incorporating these fibers down , using the energy of induction , actually , increase the lives of the surface of the road , even they can double the life of the surface .
And now , of course , they 're curious about this , if it also worked .
We still have the sample here . It 's pretty hot .
Actually , you have to cool first before I can show you what repairability is .
But I 'm going to make an attempt .
Let 's see . Yes , it worked .
Thank you .
When I was 11 years old , I remember having <unk> a morning with the <unk> sound in my house .
My father was listening to his News BBC in his little gray radio .
I had a big smile on her face that was unusual at those times , because the news is usually <unk> .
`` The Taliban were ! '' I screamed my father .
I did n't know what it meant , but I could see that my father was very , very happy .
`` Now , you can go to a real school , '' he told me .
One morning I 'll never forget .
Really school .
You see , I was six years old when the Taliban were celebrated in Afghanistan and made them illegal to go to school .
For the next five years , I was struck by as a child to invite my older sister , who could no longer be used outside , to go to a secret school .
It was the only way we could be able to educate them .
Every day , we would take a different route so that nobody could suspect where we were going .
We had to hide the books on market bags for it to look like we were shopping .
School was at a house , more than 100 , stuffed in a little room .
It was nice in the winter , but extremely hot in summer .
We all knew that we had our lives , the teacher , students and our parents .
Every once in school , school just a week , because the <unk> Taliban .
We were always wondering what they knew from us .
Were they following us ?
Did you know where we lived ?
We were <unk> , but still the school was where we wanted to be .
I was very lucky to grow in a family where education was <unk> and the daughters a treasure .
My grandfather was an extraordinary man for his time .
A total reversal of a remote province in Afghanistan , <unk> that his daughter , my mother , were to school , and that 's why her father will <unk> him .
But my mother became a teacher .
This is her .
He retired two years ago , just to turn our home in school for girls and women in our neighborhood .
And my father , this is , was the first of his family to receive education .
There was no doubt that their children had to receive education , even their daughters , despite the Taliban , despite the risks .
For him , there was a higher risk in not to educate their children .
Over the years of the Taliban , I remember there were moments in which I was very frustrated by our life and I was always scared and I did n't see a future .
I wanted to give up , but my father said , `` <unk> , my daughter , you can lose everything you have in life .
You can steal your money . You can force yourself to leave your house during a war .
But there 's one thing that will always be with you , what 's here , and if we have to sell our blood to pay your education , we 'll do it .
So , do you still want to go ? ''
I 'm 22 years old .
I grew up in a country that has been destroyed by decades of war .
Less than six percent of the women of my age have more than high school , and if my family would n't have been so committed to my education , I would be one of them .
Instead , I find myself proud to graduate in <unk> College .
When I went back to Afghanistan , my grandfather who was <unk> from her home for the courage to educate her daughters , was one of the first to congratulate me .
He 's not just taken away from my college degree , but I was also that I was the first woman , and I 'm the first woman , who took him for the streets of Kabul .
My family believes in me .
I dream big , but my family has even better dreams for me .
That 's why I 'm the global ambassador , a global campaign to educate women .
That 's why I cofounded <unk> , the first one , and perhaps the only private school for girls in Afghanistan , a country in which it is still risky for girls to go to school .
What 's exciting is I see students in my school with the strong desire to take advantage of the opportunity .
And I look at their parents and their families that , like mine , were beaten by them , despite them , even in front of a daunting opposition .
Like Ahmed . It 's not his true name , and I ca n't show you his face , but Ahmed is the father of one of my students .
Less than a month ago , he and his daughter went from the road from returning to her village , and literally , they escaped from being killed by a bomb on the road , for minutes .
When I got to her house , they 're the phone , a voice , he noticed that if he kept sending her daughter to school , they 'd come back .
`` <unk> already , if you want , '' he said , `` But it does n't harm the future of my daughter for his old and <unk> ideas . ''
What I 've given to you about Afghanistan , and it 's something that 's often forgotten in the West , is that behind the most of the people we succeeded , there 's a father who recognized the value of her daughter , and he sees the success of her own success .
It does n't mean that our mothers have n't been key in our success .
In fact , they are often the first compelling <unk> of their daughters , but in the context of a society like Afghanistan , we need the support of men .
Under the Taliban , the girls who went to school count in hundreds -- remember , it was illegal .
But today , more than three million girls go to school in Afghanistan .
Afghanistan looks so different from here in America .
I find that Americans see the fragility of the changes .
I fear these changes not last long , after the retirement of the U.S. troops .
But when I go back to Afghanistan , when I look at students in my school and their parents that I care about them , that animate them , I see a future <unk> and lasting change .
For me , Afghanistan is a country of hope and possibilities for me , and every day girls ' girls ' girls remember me .
Like me , they 'll dream big .
Thank you .
Never , I 've never forgotten the words of my grandmother who died in exile : `` <unk> , resist Gaddafi . <unk> against him .
But you 'll never go back a revolutionary style of Gaddafi . ''
They 've spent almost two years since the <unk> revolution was broke inspired by the mass of massive <unk> as much of the Tunisian revolution .
A forces with many other citizens <unk> , inside and outside the country to call a day of anger and starting a <unk> revolution of Gaddafi .
And we did it ; it was a big revolution .
Women and young men <unk> were at the edge , pushing up the fall of the regime , carrying banners banners , dignity and social justice .
They 've shown a courage to meet the brutal dictatorship of Gaddafi .
They 've shown a great sense of solidarity from the Far East , all the way up to the south .
Finally , after a period of six months of brutal war and a loss of about 50,000 dead people , we managed to release our country and overthrowing the tyrant .
However , Gaddafi left a heavy charge , a legacy of tyranny , corruption and <unk> .
For four decades , the <unk> regime of Gaddafi destroyed the infrastructure , the culture and the moral structure of the <unk> society .
Be aware of the devastation and the challenges , I 've wanted to , next to a lot of other women , to rebuild civil society , pushing in a inclusive transition and just towards democracy and national reconciliation .
There were about 200 organizations found in <unk> during the course of the fall of Gaddafi , about 300 to <unk> .
After a period of over 33 years of exile , I went back to Libya and with an enthusiasm unique , I began to organize workshops about the development of capabilities , and leadership skills .
With an incredible group of women , we founded the Women of Women <unk> <unk> , a movement of women , the movement of women , of very diverse orientation , to advocate for the <unk> autonomy of the woman and our <unk> right now in the building of democracy and peace .
And I found myself with a very difficult environment in the <unk> period -- an environment that was increasingly <unk> , which is <unk> from selfish and selfish policies .
Over time , our initiative was successful and successful .
Women won <unk> percent of the National Congress at the first elections in 52 years .
However , gradually the exhilaration of the election and revolution as a whole , they were disappearing ; every day we found out of violence .
One day we woke up with the news of the <unk> of old mosques and Sufi graves .
Another day <unk> with the news of the American ambassador , and the attack on the <unk> .
Another day we woke up with the news of the Army official murder .
And every day , every day we woke up with the government of the militias and his valentines of human rights in prisoners and their lack of respect of the law .
Our society is made by a revolutionary mindset , more and away from the ideals and the principles of freedom , dignity , social justice , that we had at the beginning .
So intolerance , exclusion and revenge became the icons of the consequences of the revolution .
I 'm not here today at all to inspire them with our <unk> story of the `` <unk> list '' story .
I 'm here today to confess that we , as a nation , we choose the wrong decision .
We do n't prioritize well .
Because the elections not brought the peace , stability and security to Libya .
The <unk> list and <unk> between candidates and candidate peace and reconciliation ?
No , they did n't .
What happened then ?
Why our society is still polarized and dominated with selfish policies of domination and exclusion , so much for men like for women ?
Perhaps what was missing was not only women , but the female values of compassion and mercy and inclusion .
Our society needs national dialogue and creating consensus more of what it needed the choices , which is only <unk> polarization and division .
Our nation needs the qualitative representation of the feminine more than will need the numerical performance and quantitative performance .
We need to stop acting as the agents of outrage , and call days of anger .
We need to start acting like compassion and mercy .
We have to develop a female speech , not only <unk> , but it also put for mercy instead of revenge , the collaboration instead of competition , the inclusion rather than exclusion .
These are the ideals that one Libya , torn apart , desperately needs to end peace .
Because peace has a alchemy that is about the interrelationship and the <unk> between the feminine perspectives and the male 's perspectives .
That 's the real <unk> .
We need to establish that in an existential way , before we do it <unk> .
According to the <unk> of the <unk> Koran -- the peace -- `` is the word of God , <unk> , compassionate . ''
At the same time , the word `` <unk> , '' which is known to all the traditions of the <unk> , has the same root in Arabic that the word `` <unk> '' -- uterus -- <unk> the feminine and motherly -- which spans all the humanity that men and women , that all tribes and all the people have come up with .
And so , just like the <unk> completely covers the embryo , that grows inside , the divine matrix of compassion is providing all of the existence .
That 's what we say , `` My mercy involves all things . ''
That 's how we say , `` My mercy prevalent about my anger . ''
That everyone is being fed up for mercy .
Thank you .
I 'm here today to talk to you about a disturbing question , which has an equally disturbing response .
It 's about the secrets of domestic violence , and the question I 'm going to address is what everybody does always do , why is it left ?
Why was someone going to stay with a man who sticks ?
I 'm not a psychiatrist , a social worker , I 'm not an expert in domestic violence .
I 'm just a woman with a story to tell .
I was 22 years old . I had just met Harvard at Harvard University .
I had moved to New York for my first job as a writer and editor at <unk> magazine .
I had my first apartment , my first green green named American Express , and had a very big secret .
My secret was that many , many times , the man , who I believed my twin soul , joined my head with a pistol , charged with <unk> bullets .
The man , who I loved most in this world , put a gun in my head and threatened to kill me more times than I can remember .
I 'm here to tell you the story of `` crazy love , '' a psychological trap , in love with love , where each year millions of women are , and even some men .
Until it could be his story .
I do n't look like a typical survivor of domestic violence .
I 'm <unk> in English at Harvard University , and I have an MBA in <unk> Business School .
I 've spent most of my career working for the Fortune 500 , among them Johnson & Johnson , Leo <unk> and The Washington Post .
It 's almost 20 years old , married to my second husband , and we have three children .
My dog is a black <unk> , and I drive a <unk> <unk> <unk> .
So my first message for you is that domestic violence can happen to anybody , all races , all of the religions , all the income levels and education .
It 's everywhere .
And my second message is that everybody thinks that domestic violence happens to women , which is a women 's problem .
Not exactly .
More than 85 percent of the <unk> are men , and the domestic abuse just happens in intimate , interdependent , length and long duration , or said otherwise , in families , the last place where we want or we would want to find violence , which is why , abuse of domestic abuse is so puzzling .
I would have told you that it would be the last person in the world who would be left with a man who 's going to paste , and I actually went a very typical victim because of my age .
It was 22 years old , and in the United States , women from between 16 and 24 years old have three times more likely to be victims of domestic violence than the other ages , and over 500 women and girls from that age are killed every year for couples , boyfriends and abusive husbands in the United States .
I was also a typical victim because I did n't know anything about domestic violence , his warning signs or their patterns .
I met <unk> in a cold and rainy night of January .
I was sitting next to me in the subway in New York , and I started to interview me with me .
He told me two things .
The first one was that he had just taken away from a university of the Ivy League , and he was working in a very important bank of Wall Street .
But what struck me most about the first encounter was that it was ready and fun , and that seemed like a field of the countryside .
He had a big big name of apples , and a <unk> , wheat hair , and it seemed so sweet .
One of the smartest things that he did , from the beginning , was to create the illusion that I was the dominant component of the partner .
He did it especially at the beginning of a pedestal .
We started out and loved everything about me , which I was ready , that I 'd gone to Harvard , that I 'd put passion in helping girls , and my job .
I wanted to know all about my family , my childhood , my dreams and illusions .
<unk> believed in me , as a woman , as a woman , as nobody had ever done .
And that was why the bachelor 's in that prestigious little school and the work on Wall Street and their bright future had so much relevance to him .
I did n't know that the first phase in any relationship of domestic violence is seduced and <unk> to the victim .
And I did n't know the second step is <unk> .
Now , the last thing I wanted to do was I 'm going to go from New York and leave the job of my dreams , but I thought I had to do sacrifices for your partner , so I accepted , I quit my job and <unk> and I went together from Manhattan .
I had no idea that I was falling in a crazy love , which was entering your head in a physical , financial and psychological trap carefully .
The next step in the pattern of domestic violence is to introduce the threat to see how it reacts to it .
And here is where those guns come in .
As soon as we moved to New England , you know , that place where I was supposed to feel so sure got three guns bought .
One was in the <unk> of the car .
Another he kept it under the pillow in our bed and the third always in his pocket .
And he said that he needed those guns to cause the trauma to the trauma .
I needed them to feel sure .
But those guns were actually a message for me , and even though I had never lifted up my hand , my life was already in danger , every minute of every day .
The first physical attack of <unk> happened five days before our wedding .
It was seven in the morning , and I still had the <unk> .
Five days later , when the 10 bruises of my neck had disappeared , I put my mother 's suit , and I married him .
Even though what had happened , I was sure that we live happily ever , because I loved him , and he also wanted me a lot .
And I was very , very hopeful .
It just had felt very overwhelmed by the wedding , and the fact that they form a family with me .
It had been an isolated accident , and I 'd never hurt myself .
I spent twice as much as the honey moon .
The first time I was driving to a secret beach , and I lost , and he gave me so loud in the head that I spent several times against the window of the car .
And then , a couple of days later , driving back from our <unk> of honey , he would walk down by the traffic and threw a Big Mac cold to the face .
<unk> went down for a couple of times a week for the next two and a half years of our marriage .
I was amazed when I thought it was the only one in this situation .
One of three American women is a victim of domestic violence or bullying at some point in his life , and the <unk> control control Center that every year 15 million children are abused , 15 million .
So , actually , I had very good company .
Going back to my question : Why was I left ?
The answer is simple .
I did n't know he was abusing me .
Instead , I was a very strong woman , in love with a profoundly <unk> man , and it was the only person in the world who could help him meet their demons .
The other question that everybody does is , why do n't we just go ?
Why did n't I go ? I could have gone to any time .
For me , this is the saddest and painful question that people do , because we , the victims , we know something that normally you ignore : it 's incredibly dangerous to abandon a <unk> .
Because the last phase in the pattern of domestic violence is kill her .
More than 70 percent of the killings in cases of domestic violence happen after the victim has taken place , after getting out , because then the <unk> has nothing to lose .
Other repercussions include constant harassment , even after the <unk> has become to marry , financial resources , and manipulation of financial resources , to <unk> the victim and their children , who are usually forced by the judges to spend time not <unk> with the man who 's going to take a mother .
And yet we keep asking why it just does n't ?
I was able to go , because of one final beat beating my denial .
I realized that the man who loved so much , would have killed me if he was allowed .
So I broke the silence .
I told everybody about the world : the police , my neighbors , my friends and family , all the full unknown , and I 'm here today , because all of you .
We have the tendency to <unk> the victims as a spooky headlines , <unk> women , damaged goods .
The question , `` Why is it left ? ''
For some people , it 's a way to say `` guilt is theirs to stay , '' as if the deliberately <unk> victims fall in love with men who want to destroy us .
But since I posted <unk> , I 've heard hundreds of stories of men and women who also escaped , who learned a lesson from what happened to them , and that they will give them their lives , joyful and happy lives like themselves , wives and mothers , lives completely free of violence , like mine .
Because it turns out that I 'm a victim and a survivor of domestic violence survivor .
I would get married with a cute little man and kind , and we have those three kids .
I have this black <unk> , and that <unk> .
What I 'm not going to do is never come back to have never more , ever , it 's a gun that 's charged with my head in the hands of someone who says that he wants me .
Right now , the same time , you 're thinking , `` <unk> , that 's fascinating , '' or `` <unk> , what silly it was , '' but all this time I 've actually been talking about you .
I assure you that there are a few people , that they 're listening to me right now , that they 're being battered or that they were small , or they were <unk> themselves .
<unk> could be affecting their daughter , their sister , their best friend 's best friend .
I was able to end my crazy love word breaking the silence .
And I keep doing it today .
It 's my way to help other victims , and it 's my last petition to you .
Talk about what you 've heard here .
<unk> will thrive in silence .
They have the power to kill domestic violence just throwing light on her .
The victims need everybody .
We need each of you to understand the secrets of domestic violence .
Take the abuse of <unk> talking about it , with your children , their coworkers , their friends and family .
<unk> your vision of survivors as fantastic and lovely people that have a full future .
Let 's take the early signs of violence to intervene consciously , to slow down their climb and show the victims a secure output .
Together , we can turn our beds , our tables and our families in the safe and peaceful oasis that should be .
Thank you .
Hello . My name is Russell Cameron , and for a while , I 'm a model .
To be precise , for 10 years .
And I feel like this moment there is an awkward tension in the room because I should n't have dress this way , luckily , I 've brought my clothes to change .
This is the first shift of clothes on a TED stage , so you 're very lucky , I think .
If some of the women were horrified when I come up , they do n't have to do it now , but to find out later on Twitter .
I also want to point out that I have the privilege of being able to change what you think about me in just 10 seconds .
Not everybody has that opportunity .
These heels are very uncomfortable -- less wrong than I do n't have to use them .
The worst part is to pass this sweater through the head , because it 's when you 're going to laugh at me , so you do n't do anything while I 'm covering your head .
All right .
Why did I do this ?
It 's been embarrassing .
Well , I hope not as much as this picture .
The appearance is powerful , but also surface .
I 've changed totally what they thought about me in six seconds .
And in this picture , I had never had a boyfriend in real life .
I was totally uncomfortable , and the photographer told me to keep my back and <unk> the hair of the boy .
Of course , with surgery , or an artificial <unk> , like the one I made two days ago for the work , there 's very little that we can do to transform our appearance , which , even though surface and unchanging , has a huge impact on our lives .
So today , to me , being courageous means to be honest .
I 'm on this stage because I 'm a model .
Because I 'm a nice and white woman , and in my workforce , that 's a sexy girl .
I 'm going to answer the questions that people always do , but in a sincere way .
The first question is , how do you get a model ?
And I 'm always going to say , `` My <unk> discovered me , but that does n't mean anything .
The real reason I made a model is because I won the genetic lottery , and I 'm the beneficiary of a heritage , and you may be wondering what this heritage is .
Well , in the last few centuries we have n't only defined beauty as health , youth and symmetry , which we are biologically programmed to admire , we also have it associated with a high and <unk> shape , to womanhood and to a white skin .
And that 's my heritage , which is heritage that I 've known to take for money .
And I know that there are people in the audience who are now short skeptical , and maybe there are some lovers in the fashion to say -- wait . There they are Naomi , <unk> , Joan <unk> , we 're sustainably designed .
First of all , you would encourage them to learn both models . It 's amazing .
But sadly , I 've got to inform you that in 2007 , a Ph.D. student from the University of New York I told each other and every of the models on the runway , and from the <unk> models of contract , just 27 , is , less than four percent , were n't white .
The next question that people always do is : Can you be a model when it 's bigger ?
And my first answer is : I do n't know , I did n't care about it .
But then , what I would say to each of the one of these girls is : Why ? You can be whatever you want .
You can be president of the United States , or the inventor of the next Internet , or a ninja <unk> surgeon and a poet , which would be awesome , because you were the first .
If after this spectacular list , they still insist , no , no , Cameron , I want to be a model , then I say , `` I know my boss .
Because I 'm not in charge of anything , and you could be the head of writing of the American <unk> magazine or director & M director , or next Steven M .
Saying you want to be a role model is like saying you want to win the lottery when you 're bigger .
It 's out of your control , it 's amazing , and it 's not a job you can choose .
I 'm going to show you all what I learned in 10 years as a model , since , unlike the <unk> surgery , can be summarized right now .
I do n't know what happened there .
Unfortunately , once you run your studies , and you have a rsum , and you have jobs and some jobs to your back , no matter what you say , I mean , if you said that you want to be president of the United States , but your rsum would say , `` <unk> your underwear for 10 years , people would look weird for you .
The next question that people always do is , if all the photos are stuck .
And yes , it 's pretty much all the pictures , but that 's just a small part of what happens .
This was the first picture that took me , and also the first time I used a bikini , and I had n't even had my period yet .
I know we 're entering the personal ground , but it was a little girl .
That 's how I was looking at my grandmother a few months before .
These two pictures are the same day .
My friend came with me .
Here I am in a pajama party a few days before the French <unk> photographs .
Here I am with my football team and the magazine I saw .
And this is me today .
And I hope you 'll realize that I 'm not in those photos .
These are creations of a group of professionals , <unk> , <unk> , photographers and <unk> , and all of their <unk> and <unk> people , and they get this . That 's not me .
Well , the next question that people always do is , `` Do you do free things ? ''
I 've got too many <unk> heels and I never use , except my previous couple , but the privilege that I get are the ones I get in real life , and that we do n't like to speak .
I grew up in Cambridge , and once I went to a store and I forgot taking money , and they gave me the dress for free .
When I was a teenager , I was traveling with my friend who was a very bad driver , a red light and , of course , stood up , and took it , and it took it , agent to be able to keep driving .
I love these privilege by what I look like , not for what I am , and there are people who are paying a price for their appearance no matter who they are .
I live in New York City , and last year , of the teenagers who stood in and logged , 86 percent were black and Latino , and most of them were young men .
And there are only young black men and Latino people in New York , so for them , not a matter of me ?
I mean , how many times am I ? And when ?
When I looked at this talk , I learned that to 53 percent of the 13-year-old girls in the United States do n't like their body , and that figure is raises at 78 percent at the 17 .
So , the last question that people do is , what is the life of a model ?
And I think the answer you 're expecting is , if you 're a little thinner , and you have the brightest hair , you 're very happy and great .
And behind the cameras , we give an answer that maybe it looks like this .
We say , it 's really wonderful to travel , and also amazing to be able to work with creative people , resourceful and passionate .
And all of that is true , but it 's just a part of what happens , because what we never say in front of the cameras , what I 've never said in front of them , is , I 'm insecure .
And I 'm because I have to worry about my appearance every day .
What if you ever ask : Do you have a little bit thinner and shorter hair , will be happier ?
They only have to meet with a bunch of models , because they have the thinner legs , the brightest hair and the best fashion , but probably are the women 's most insecure women .
But especially it was hard to look at a situation of racial oppression and gender when I 'm one of the biggest <unk> .
If there 's something that 's holding out of this talk , I hope they 're all more comfortable to recognize the power of the image in the perception that we have of success and failure .
Thank you .
Photography has been my passion since I was older enough to support a camera , but today I want to share with you my 15 most precious pictures , and I did n't know that I took them .
There were no artistic directors , or <unk> , no opportunity to repeat the photos , not even a minimum care of the lighting .
In fact , most of them were taken random tourists .
My story begins when , <unk> in New York City to give a lecture , my wife pulled me this picture holding my daughter on the day of her first birthday , and that 's the corner of 57 and five .
He happened to happen that we went back to New York just a year later , so we decided we decided to take the same picture .
Well , you can see what 's coming now .
When the third birthday of my daughter was coming up , my wife told me , `` Why do n't you get to New York City on a <unk> trip and stick in the ritual ? ''
This is when we started asking the tourists that they were going to take us out of the picture .
It 's amazing that the gesture of delivering the camera to a complete stranger is so universal .
Never nobody has ever been denied and , fortunately , no one has never met with the camera .
So we were n't aware of how much we would change this journey .
It became something sacred for us .
This picture is a few weeks after the <unk> , and I had to explain to my daughter what had happened that day in a way that a five-year-old girl could understand .
These pictures are much more that representations of a concrete moment or a specific journey .
It 's also a way of stopping time in a October week and to make us think about our time and our evolution over the years , and not just a physical level , but in all the senses .
Because , although we always take the same picture , our perspective changes , my daughter 's new <unk> , and I can see life through his eyes and how it perceives and interacts with everything .
That kind of concrete time we spend together is something that we hope for the whole year .
Recently , on one of the trips , we were walking , and we were walking , when all of a sudden , he was stopped in dry and pointed out a red <unk> of the dolls that I loved from little on previous visits .
And I was described to me what was about five years standing in that same place .
<unk> that recalling their heart <unk> heart , by looking at that place for the first time nine years ago .
And now what I look at in New York are universities , because it 's determined to study in New York .
And suddenly I understood that one of the most important things we create is the memories .
So I want to share the idea of actively participating in creating memories .
I do n't know about you , but besides these 15 pictures , I did n't go out in a lot of the family photos .
And I 'm always the ones that pull out the picture .
Today , I want to encourage you all to show up in the picture , and you 're not going to get back to somebody and ask them , `` Do you take a picture ? ''
Thank you .
I 'd like to talk to you about a very special group of animals .
There are 10,000 species of birds in the world .
The vultures are in the most threatened group .
First of all , why do you have such bad press ?
It 's also been associated with Disney laughter as a little , silly , stupid characters .
More recently , if you 've been following the press , laughter and applause and <unk> these are the attributes that associate with the Kenyan Parliament , but I do n't accept it .
I do n't accept it . You know why ?
Because members of Parliament do n't keep the environment clean , <unk> do n't help prevent the spread of disease .
They 're hardly monogamously . They 're far away from extinct . And , my favorite , the vultures have better presence . There are two types of rabbits on this planet .
There are the rabbits of the New World who are mostly found in the Americas , like the <unk> and the <unk> , and the rabbits of the World World , where we have 16 species .
So , why is it important ? First of all , they provide vital ecological services .
It 's our gatherers of natural waste .
You 're going to run the corpses up to the bone .
They help kill all the bacteria , they help to absorb the anthrax that that it would not be for them would stretch and cause big losses to livestock and diseases in other animals .
Recent studies have shown that in areas where there is no vultures , the dead bodies are taking three to four times longer , and this has huge ramifications of spread in the spread of diseases .
The rabbits also have huge important importance .
They 've been associated with the ancient Egyptian culture .
<unk> was the symbol of the protector and the maternity and , along with the king cobra , <unk> the unit between the House and under Egypt .
In the Indian mythology , <unk> was the god <unk> , and he risked his life to save the <unk> goddess of the 10 heads of <unk> .
In <unk> culture , it 's very important done to open sky , and in places like Tibet , there 's no place to bury the dead , or wood to <unk> , so these rabbits provide a system of natural disposal .
What 's the problem with vultures ?
We have eight species of rabbits in Kenya , which six are extremely endangered .
The reason is that they 're being poisoned , and the reason that they 're being already being poisoned is because there are conflict between humans and wildlife , <unk> communities use this poison against predators , and as a consequence , the vultures are victims of this .
In South Asia , in countries like India and Pakistan , four species of rabbits are on the critical endangered list of extinction , which means that in less than 10 or 15 years <unk> , and the reason is because they fall prey to livestock consumption that has been treated with a <unk> drug like <unk> .
This drug has been banned to use veterinarian in India and have taken a position .
Since there 's no vultures , there 's been a spread in the number of dogs in landfills in landfills , and when you have a street dogs , you have a huge time pump for anger , the number of cases of rage has increased greatly in India .
Kenya is going to have one of the biggest wind farms in Africa : <unk> <unk> are going to be above Lake Turkana .
I 'm not against wind energy , but we have to work with governments , because the wind turbines do this to birds , and they cut them in half .
They 're <unk> birds .
In West Africa , there 's a terrible trade from vultures to serve the <unk> and the market of <unk> .
So what is it doing ? Well , we 're researching these birds . We 're <unk> transmitters .
We 're trying to determine its basic ecology and see where they go .
We can see that they travel through different countries , so focus on a locally problem is not going to serve anything .
We have to work with governments in regional levels .
We 're working with local communities .
We 're talking to them about appreciating the rabbits , about the need to appreciate these wonderful creatures and services that provide .
How can they help ? It can become assets , make noise . You can write a letter to your government and tell you , you have to focus on these very <unk> creatures . You spend their time to spread the word .
When you get out of this room , it was going to tell you about rabbits , but talk to their families , with their children , with their neighbors on the rabbits .
They 're very elegant . Charles Darwin said that he changed from opinion , because he watched them fly effortlessly , no energy expenditure in the heavens .
Kenya , this world , will be much more poor without these wonderful species .
Thank you very much .
Every single thing I 'm doing and everything I do professionally , my life -- has been molded for seven years of work for my youth in Africa .
From 1971 , I was young <unk> , but I 'm no longer . I worked in Zambia , Kenya , Cote d'Ivoire , Algeria and Somalia . In projects of technical cooperation with African countries .
He worked for an Italian NGO , and every project that we set up in Africa failed .
And I was disturbed .
I thought , at the age of 21 , that the Italians were good people , and we were doing a good job in Africa .
Instead , all we were playing with it .
Our first project , which inspired my first book , `` <unk> de <unk> , '' was a project where we decided to teach people from Zambia to grow food .
So , we got with Italian seeds south of Zambia to this absolutely wonderful valley that descends into the <unk> River , and we teach local local and <unk> tomatoes and <unk> , and ...
Of course , people were not at all interested in doing that , for what they 're going to do to come to work , and sometimes they do n't come up . We were amazed that the local , very fertile valley , had n't had agriculture .
But instead of asking you how it was possible that we did n't know anything , we just said , `` Thank God we 're here . '' `` Just in time to save the people of Zambia from famine Zambia . ''
And of course , everything in Africa became beautifully .
We got these magnificent tomatoes . In Italy , a tomato would grow to this size , in Zambia , to this size .
And we could n't believe it , we were saying to them , `` Look how easy agriculture is . ''
When the tomatoes were cute , mature and red , at night in the morning , about 200 <unk> showed up from the river and ate everything . And we said to them , `` Oh my God , the <unk> ! ''
And the <unk> said , `` Yes , that 's why we do n't have agriculture here . '' `` Why did n't they say ? ''
I thought we were just Italians making mistakes in Africa , but then I saw what the Americans were doing , what the American people were doing , what the French did , and after seeing what they were doing , I felt pretty proud of our project in Zambia .
Because , as you can see , at least feed them .
So you can see the waste -- you 'll see the waste that you would remind the <unk> of Africa .
She wants to read a book , `` Free dead '' from <unk> <unk> , economist <unk> .
The book was published in 2009 .
We , Western countries , we 've delivered the African continent two million dollars in the last 50 years .
I 'm not going to tell you about harm than that money has caused .
You just read your book .
<unk> from an African woman , the damage we 've done .
Westerners are imperialists , Mormon Mormon , and we treat people only in two ways : or we 're sponsor them , or we are <unk> .
The two words come from the Latin root `` <unk> , '' which means `` father . ''
However , they mean two different things .
<unk> , I deal with any of a different culture , as if you were , `` I want a lot . ''
<unk> , I deal with all of a different culture as if it was my servants .
So white people in Africa are called `` <unk> , '' boss .
That book gave me a slap in the face . `` The little thing is beautiful , '' written by <unk> , who said for all of the economic development , if people do n't want to be helped , <unk> alone .
This should be the first principle of aid .
The first principle of aid is to respect .
This morning , the gentleman who opened up this conference put a cane on the ground and said , `` Can you -- can you imagine a city that is not <unk> ? ''
I decided at 27 years to just respond to people , and I invented a system called <unk> <unk> , where you never start anything , you 're never going to do it , but it becomes an servant of local passion , the servant of the local passion , who have the dream of becoming a better person .
So , what do you do ? You 'll be angry .
It never comes to a community with an idea , and sit with the people of the locality .
We do n't work from offices .
We met in a coffee . We met in a bar .
We have zero infrastructure .
And what do we do ? We become friends , and we found out what the person wants to do .
The most important thing is passion .
You can give somebody an idea .
If that person does n't want to do that , what is you going to do ?
The passion that she has for its own growth is the most important thing .
The passion that man has for its own personal growth is the most important thing .
And then we help them find knowledge , because nobody in the world can succeed alone .
The person with the idea can not have the knowledge , but knowledge is available .
So years and years ago , I had this idea : Why not us , for once instead of getting to a community to tell people what to do , why not , for once , do we hear them ? But not community meetings .
Let me tell you a secret .
There 's a problem with community meetings .
The entrepreneurs never run , and they 'll never tell you , in a public meeting , what they want to do with their own money , what opportunity they 've identified .
So , planning has this blind point .
The smartest people in their community , you do n't even know , because they do n't take their public meetings .
What do we do ? We work one to one , and we work face to face , you have to create a social infrastructure , which does n't exist .
You must create a new profession .
The profession is the family doctor , the business doctor , the business doctor , who lay on you in your home , at your kitchen table , in coffee , and that helps you find the resources to transform your passion in a way of making a living passion .
I started this as a test in <unk> , city of West Australia .
I was doing a PhD at that time , and I was trying to get away from this patronizing garbage that we got to tell you what to do .
In one year , I had 27 projects going on , and the government came to me to see , `` How can you do that ?
How can it do that ? '' And I said , `` I did something very , very , very difficult .
I shut down and listened to them . '' So , the government says , `` Do it again . '' We 've done it in 300 communities in the world .
We 've started 40,000 businesses .
There is a new generation of entrepreneurs who are dying of loneliness .
Peter <unk> , one of the most grandiose business advisers in history , passed away at '96 , a few years ago .
Peter <unk> was a professor of philosophy before they got involved in business , and this is what Peter <unk> says : `` planning is actually incompatible with a society and an innovative business economy . ''
The planning is the kiss of the death of the corporate spirit .
So now we were able to <unk> rebuilding what the most <unk> people in Christchurch want to do with their own money and their own energy .
You have to learn how to get these people to come up with you .
You have to give you some of these things , privacy , has to be fantastic to you , to help you , and then you 're going to go in mass .
In a community of 10,000 people , we got 200 customers .
Can you imagine a community of 400,000 people , intelligence and passion ?
What 's presentation you 've got to do more of this morning ?
People local people . That 's what you 've got to <unk> .
So , what I 'm telling you is that the entrepreneurial spirit is where it is .
We 're at the end of the world 's first industrial revolution , not renewables , manufacturing -- and from one moment to another , we have systems that are not sustainable .
The internal combustion engine is not sustainable .
<unk> as a way to sustain machinery is not sustainable .
What we have to consider , is how do we resolve , we heal , we are educating , transport , we communicate , communicate to seven billion people in a sustainable way .
There are no technologies to do that .
Who 's going to invent technology for the green revolution , the universities ? Forget it !
The government ? Forget it !
You 'll be entrepreneurs , and they 're doing it now .
There 's an adorable story , which is a futuristic story , many , many years ago .
There was a group of experts who were invited to discuss the future of New York City in the year pour .
And in the year older , they got together this group of people , and I 'm going to tell you about what would happen to the city of New York in 100 years , and the conclusion was <unk> : New York City would n't exist within 100 years .
Why ? Because they analyzed the curve and they talked about , if the population is kept growing at this rate , to move the population of New York around , and we 'll have six million horses , and the dung manure produced by six million horses that would be impossible to tackle .
They were already locked up on dung . And so , in 1860 , they were taking up this dirty technology that 's going to bring in New York 's life .
So what happens ? Over the next 40 years , in 1900 , in the United States , they showed <unk> manufacturing companies , <unk> .
The idea of finding a different technology was absolutely absorbed and very few , <unk> , factories in <unk> places .
Dearborn , Michigan . Henry Ford .
But there is a secret to work with entrepreneurs .
First , you have to offer you all the way .
Otherwise , they wo n't come and talk to you .
Then , you have to offer you an absolute , dedicated , enthusiastic service .
And then afterwards , you 'll have to tell you the truth with it .
The smallest company , the largest company , has to be able to do three things <unk> : the product that you want to sell has to be fantastic , you have to have a fantastic marketing , and you have to count on a great financial administration .
You know what ?
We 've never met a single human being in the world that can do , sell and looking for the money alone .
It does n't exist .
This is not yet born .
We 've investigated and looked at the 100 icons of the Carnegie , Carnegie , Edison , Ford , all the new companies , Google , Yahoo .
There is only one thing that all successful companies in the world have in common , only one was started by one person .
Never the word `` me , '' but the word `` us '' , 32 times .
He was n't just when he started .
No one starts one company alone . No one .
So , we can create the community where we have facilitators , who come from a small businesses in sitting in coffee houses , in bars , alongside their dedicated comrades who will do for you , what someone made for this gentleman who talks about this epic , someone who 's going to ask you , what do you need ?
What can you do ? Can you ?
Okay , you can sell it ? You can look for money ? ''
`` Oh , no , I ca n't do that . '' `` Would you like to look for somebody ? ''
We activate communities .
Thank you .
Those of us around us can help us in a lot of ways to improve our lives .
We do n't know all the neighbors , so we do n't exchange a lot of knowledge despite sharing the same public spaces .
In the last few years I 've been trying to share more with my neighbors in the public space , with simple tools like <unk> , templates and chalk .
So these projects came from questions like , how much are my neighbors , their apartments ?
How can we lend and borrow more things without calling the door at a bad time ?
How do you share more memories from our abandoned buildings and understanding our landscape better ?
How do we share any more our hope for empty stores for our communities to be able to reflect our needs today and dreams ?
New Orleans , and I 'm in love with New <unk> .
My soul always finds relief to the giant <unk> who give a shadow of lovers and <unk> and <unk> for centuries .
It always runs into the music . There 's a parade in New Orleans , and the city has one of the most beautiful architectures in the world , but also one with the largest number of abandoned properties in the U.S .
I live near this house , and I thought I could turn it into a more enjoyable space for the neighborhood and also something that changed my life forever .
In 2009 , I lost someone who loved a lot .
He was Joan , like a mother for me .
His death was sudden and unexpected .
I thought a lot about death and death .
And this was a deep gratitude for the time of living and lived .
He gave clarity about the significant things of my current life .
But let me keep it in my everyday life .
It seems to me that it 's easy to be able to catch up a day and forget how important it is to one .
So with the help of old and new friends transformed the wall of this <unk> house on a giant board and painted on her sentences to complete him , `` Before I die .
So the exception could take a chalk , reflect on their lives and share personal aspirations in the public space .
I did n't know what to wait for this experiment , but the next day the wall was filled and kept on <unk> .
And I 'd like to share a few things that people wrote on the wall .
`` Before I die , I want to be court for piracy . '' `` Before I die , I want to sit down on the line of date change . ''
`` Before you die , I want to sing for millions of people . ''
`` Before you die , I want to plant a tree . ''
`` Before you die , I want to live outside the network . ''
`` Before I die , I want to go again again . ''
`` Before I die , I want to go to somebody 's rescue . ''
`` Before I die , I want to be completely myself . ''
This abandoned space became constructive and the dreams and hope of people made me laugh , they made me angry , and they gave me comfort in hard times .
It 's about knowing that you 're not alone . It 's about understanding our neighbors in new ways , and it 's about supporting reflection and contemplation , and to remember what 's most important for us as we grow and change .
This happened last year , and I started getting hundreds of messages of passionate people who wanted to make a wall in their community .
So with my colleagues in civic center , we did a kit , and now they 've been done in countries around the world , like Kazakhstan , South Africa , Australia , Argentina and beyond .
And together we demonstrated the power of our public spaces , if you give us the opportunity to express each other .
Two of the most valuable things we have are time and our relationships with other people .
In our age of distractions , it 's more important than ever , finding ways to preserve the perspective and remember that life is brief and delicate .
Death is something that we often avoid talking about , or even thinking , but I understood that we 're going to be preparing for death is one of those things that we become more empowered .
If you think about death , you 're going to think about death .
Our shared spaces can reflect better what we care as individuals and as a community and with more media to share hope , fears and stories , the people around us not only help better places , can help improve our lives .
Thank you .
Thank you .
Today I have a one petition .
Please do n't say I 'm normal .
Now I 'd like to introduce you to my siblings .
<unk> is 22 , it 's high and very good-looking .
He does n't talk , but it tells you better joy than some of the best speakers .
<unk> knows what love is .
They share what happens .
It 's not <unk> . It does n't look at the color of the skin .
It does n't care about religious differences and look at this : it 's never lied .
When I sing our childhood songs , trying to mention the words that I could n't even remind myself , remember one thing : how little we know about the mind and how wonderful it should be the unknown .
Samuel 's 16 years old . It 's high . He 's very good-looking .
He has the most pristine memory .
However , it 's a selective memory .
It does n't remember if I stole my <unk> , but remember the year I came up with each of the songs of my iPod , conversations that we kept when I was four years old , I could pee on my arm during the first episode of <unk> and Lady birthday .
Is n't it amazing ?
But most people disagree .
And in fact , because their minds do n't fit into the concept of normal society , they 're often ignored and <unk> .
But what propelled my heart and obsessed my soul was that even if that was the case , although I would n't consider them inside the ordinary , that only could mean one thing : autistic and extraordinary .
Now , for those more familiar with the term `` autism , '' is a complex brain disorder that affects social communication , learning and sometimes to physical skills .
In each individual you felt differently , from there to be so different to Sam .
And all over the world , every 20 minutes , is being diagnosed with a new case of autism , and although it 's one of the developmental disorders that faster in the world , is no cause or cure .
I do n't remember my first encounter with autism , but I do n't remember one day without him .
I was only three years old when my brother came to the world , and I was very excited to have a new self in my life .
When I was a few months ago , I realized that he was different .
Very much .
I did n't want to play the other babies and , in fact , it did n't seem very interested in me at all .
He was living in his own world , and he was hanging out in his own world , with his own rules , and he found pleasure in the smallest things , like putting the cars in a row around the room , watching the washing machine and eat anything that was between .
As I grew up , it became more different , and the differences became more evident .
But beyond the <unk> , the frustration and the <unk> hyperactivity , there was something really unique : a pure nature , innocent nature , a kid who saw the world without prejudice , a human being I 'd never lied .
<unk> .
I ca n't deny that there 's been some very difficult times in my family , moments that I wish that they were just like me .
But I look back to the things that I 've been taught about individuality and communication and love , and I realize that it 's things I would n't want to change for normal .
normality happens by high the beauty that gives us the differences and the fact that it does n't mean that any one is wrong .
It just means that there 's a different vision of what is right .
If I could meet one thing to you , and Sam and you would be that you do n't have to be normal .
They may be extraordinary .
Because autistic or no , the differences we have -- they 're a gift ! Each of us has a gift in their interior , and honestly , the pursuit of normality is the ultimate sacrifice of potential .
The opportunity for greatness , progress and change dies at the time when we 're trying to be like others .
Please do n't say I 'm normal .
Thank you .
Five years ago , I experienced a little bit of what must have been to be Alice in the studio .
Penn State asked me , a communications teacher , who would give a kind of communication to engineering students .
She was scared . He was really scared . They were working from these students with their big minds , their big books and their big books and their big words .
But in developing those conversations , I felt that Alice must have felt when he fell through the rabbit hole and saw the door of a new world .
I just sat down when I had those conversations with the students , I was surprised that they had , and I wanted others to experience this wonderful world .
And I think the key to opening that door is a great communication .
We desperately need a great communication of our scientists and engineers in order to change the world .
Our scientists and engineers are the ones attacking our largest challenges , from energy to environment and health care , among others , and if we do n't know , we do n't understand about this , the work is n't done , and I think it 's our responsibility as not scientists to have these interactions .
But these big conversations can not happen if our scientists and engineers are not invited to see their wonderful world .
So scientists and engineers , please <unk> with <unk> .
I want to share some suggestions about how you can do it to make sure that you can see that your science is sexy and that your engineering is attractive .
First question to <unk> : and then what ?
Let 's tell you why science is relevant to us .
Do n't tell us simply that they study the <unk> , but they study the <unk> , which are the mesh structure of our bones , because it 's important to understand and treat osteoporosis .
And when you 're describing your science , care with jargon .
The lingo is an obstacle to our understanding of their ideas .
Sure , you can say `` spatial and temporary '' , but why do n't you say `` space and time '' which is much more accessible to us ?
<unk> accessible is not the same as to make them silly .
Instead , as Einstein said , that everything as simple as possible , but not simple .
They can communicate clearly their science without engaging ideas .
And something to consider is to use examples , stories and analogies , and they 're ways of JavaScript and <unk> with their content .
And by presenting their work , forget about the word signs .
They 've asked why they call `` bullets ? '' `` What do the bullets do ? The bullets kill , and they 're going to be killed .
One <unk> like this is not only boring , but it gets too far in the area of the language of our brain and engulfs .
Instead , this <unk> example of Brown Brown is much more effective . It shows that the special structure of the <unk> is so strong that it really inspired the only design of the Eiffel Tower .
The trick here is to use a simple , legible phrase , that the audience can understand if it 's lost a little bit , and then provide graphs that will lead to our other senses and create a deeper sense of understanding what it 's described .
I think these are just some key ones that can help others open the door and look at the country of the wonders that science and engineering .
And so scientists and engineers , when you have solved this equation , by all the media , we 're going to get them with <unk> . Thank you .
One of my favorite words from all the Oxford English Dictionary is `` <unk> . ''
Just because it sounds very good .
And `` <unk> '' means `` dishonest politician . ''
Although there was a 21st-century editor in the 19th century that defined her much better when he said , `` A <unk> ' is that you 're looking for a public charge without matter , platform or principle , and that , when it wins , it makes it for the mere use of a monumental <unk> <unk> . ''
I have no idea what it means `` <unk> . ''
Something to do with words , I guess .
It 's very important that words are the basis in politics , and that all politicians know they have to try to dominate the language .
It was n't until , for example , the British Parliament allowed the newspapers to quote the newspapers to quote the exact words they were told in the parliamentary chamber .
And all of this was because of the courage of a guy with the freaky name of <unk> <unk> , who confronted the Parliament .
She became the Tower of London , and he was incarcerated , but he had enough courage to deal with them , and eventually he had such a popular support in London that won .
And only a few years later , we had the first use of the phrase `` That <unk> <unk> . ''
Most people think it 's literal .
It 's not . It 's for an advocate of freedom of speech .
But to show you how words and politics interact , I want you to return to the U.S. , just after independence .
So , they had to address the question of how to call George Washington , his leader .
They did n't know .
How do you call the leader of a Republican country ?
This was debated in Congress for a long time .
They were introduced all sorts of suggestions that they might have been introduced .
Some of them wanted to call him `` The State of State , '' and others , `` Your <unk> George Washington , '' and other `` <unk> of the American People ' People . ''
Not very appealing .
Some people just wanted to call him `` King . ''
They thought it was proven to be tested .
And even with that , they were <unk> , they had the idea that one could be elected King for a certain deadline .
And it could have served .
All the world all got tired tired , because this debate would be taken over for three weeks .
I read the newspaper from a poor senator , and I 'd always write , `` Still with this issue . ''
Which caused the timing and <unk> was that the House House was against the Senate .
The House House did n't want Washington to be empowered .
They did n't want to call him King by whether he was giving him to him or his successor to ideas .
So , they wanted to give him the most modest title , the most insignificant , <unk> title ever happened .
And that title was `` President . ''
President . They did n't invent the title . There was no longer before , but it only meant `` someone who 's <unk> a meeting . ''
It was like the president of a jury .
And I did n't have much more <unk> than the term `` foreman . ''
There was <unk> presidents of little colonial colonial brought and government fractions , but it was really an insignificant title .
And that 's why the Senate was broken .
They said , `` It 's ridiculous , we ca n't call it President . ''
`` This guy has to sign treaties and meet foreign fighters . ''
`` And who will be serious with a title as ridiculous and insignificant as President of America ? ''
And finally , after three weeks of debate , the Senate did n't pass .
We can learn three interesting things about this .
First of all , and this is my favorite to where I 've been able to figure out , the Senate has never been considered to be the title of President .
The President Barack Obama is lucky to follow there , waiting for the Senate in action .
The second thing we can learn is that when a government says that a measurement is temporary -- it 's possible to keep waiting for more <unk> .
But the third thing that we can learn , and this is the most important thing , and I want to leave you , is that the President 's president does n't sound so modest today , right ?
Especially if you have more than 5,000 nuclear warheads available to the world 's largest economy and a fleet of air vehicles and so on .
Reality and history have taken the title of <unk> .
So , at the end , I won the Senate .
They got their title of <unk> .
And also the other concern of the Senate , the appearance of uniqueness -- well , was a uniqueness of the time .
But , you know how many nations have the president now ?
And all because they want to sound like the kind of 5,000 nuclear warheads , and so on .
So , at the end of the Senate , the Senate has lost , because no one is going to feel humble when you tell them that they 're the President of America .
And I think that 's the great lesson that we can learn , and that I 'd like to leave you with .
The politicians try to choose and use words to shape and control reality , but actually , the reality changes much more the words than what they could change reality .
Thank you very much .
I 'm 45 to meters underground in an illegal mine in Ghana .
The air is loaded with heat and dust , and it 's hard to breathe .
I feel the touch of <unk> bodies in the dark , but I ca n't see much more .
I hear voices that you talk about , but most of all , that cacophony of <unk> and stones were playing with primitive tools .
Like the others , I carry a cheap flashlight of <unk> light attached to the head with this elastic elastic band , and I can barely distinguish them the branches that are holding off the walls of that hole in a meter that falls hundreds of meters on the ground .
And I was getting out of my hand , and all of a sudden I remember a miner that I met days before , who lost control , and I fell 50,000 feet into that well .
As I talk to you today , these men are deep at the depths of that hole , their lives without pay or reward , often dying .
I went out of that hole and I went home , but they might never do it , because they 're prey to slavery .
In the last 28 years , I was documenting native cultures in more than 70 countries on six continents , and in 2009 , I had the great honor of being the only <unk> at the Vancouver Line of Vancouver .
Among all the amazing people that I met there , I met an inspirational day of <unk> the <unk> , an NGO who has been involved in modern slavery .
We started talking about slavery , and , really , I started learning about slavery because I knew it was there in the world , but not just a degree .
When we ended up talking to me , I felt very bad , I was honestly embarrassed to ignore this terrible thing of our days and I thought , if I do n't know , how many people do n't know ?
He made me a <unk> , and , weeks later , I flew in Los Angeles to meet the director of the <unk> , and offer my help .
That 's how I started my journey to modern slavery .
Interestingly , I had been in many of these sites .
A few , even , I considered them my second home .
But this time , they went down dirty laundry .
A conservative calculation says that there are over 27 million people in the world .
It 's twice the number of the number of Africans displaced during all its <unk> slaves .
150 years ago , the cost of a farmer slave was about three times the annual wage of an American worker .
The equivalent of about 50,000 today is $ 50,000 .
However , today , you can sacrifice entire families for $ 18 debt .
Surprisingly , slavery generates profits from over $ 13,000 billion dollars a year around the world .
Many have been fooled by false education promises and better work to then discover that they 're forced to work without paying , under threat , and they ca n't escape .
Today slavery operates in trade : the goods produced by slaves have value , but those who produce them are disposable ones .
<unk> exists in almost everybody , and yet it 's illegal for all the world .
In India and Nepal , I met the park furnaces .
This weird and great show was like entering ancient Egypt or Dante Dante .
<unk> at a temperature of 54 degrees , men , women , children , in fact , entire families wrapped up in a heavy vials of <unk> halls -- mechanically bricks in their heads , to the same time , and they take them from hot feet to trucks .
They were struggling with monotony and tiredness works quietly , doing this task over and over again for 16 17 hours a day .
There was no breaks for eating , not to drink , and the severe <unk> would make you quite inconsequential .
So <unk> were the heat and the dust that my camera became too hot and stopped working .
Every 20 minutes , I had to run the car to clean up the team and make it work with air conditioning to <unk> and , sitting there , I thought , my camera is getting a lot better treatment better than these people .
And back in the furnaces I wanted to cry , but the <unk> that I was next to me quickly grabbed me and said , `` Lisa , do n't do it here . Do n't do it here . ''
And he explained to me very clearly to demonstrate emotions is very dangerous in places like this , not just for me , but for them .
I could n't offer you any direct help .
I could n't give them money , nothing .
I was not a citizen of that country .
I could put them in a worse situation than they were already .
I had to trust the <unk> , and working within the system for his release and trusted that he <unk> it .
In terms of me , I waited to get home to feel my heart destroyed .
In the Himalayas , he found kids carrying stones for miles through mountain land to trucks they were waiting down .
Those big things were more heavy than the children who load them , and the kids holding their heads around their heads , made of sticks , string and rags .
It 's hard to witness something so overwhelming .
How can we influence something so insidious and so ubiquitous ?
Some people do n't even know that they 're slaves -- and they work 16 hours a day without <unk> , because this has been all their life .
They do n't have anything to compare to .
When these villagers were <unk> their freedom , they burned completely their homes .
When you hear the word , we often think about sexual trafficking , and because of this global consciousness , you warned me that it would be difficult for me to work safely in this particular business .
In Kathmandu , I became women who had been previously known for sexual sex .
They drove me on the stairs , which was given to this dirty basement , of faint fluorescent light .
It was n't exactly a brothel .
It was rather a restaurant .
<unk> , as you know in the craft , are local prostitution for forced prostitution .
They have small rooms , private , where the slaves are <unk> with their girls and children , some of the only seven -- are forced to entertain the clients and to encourage them to buy more food and alcohol .
Each is dark and dirty , identified by a number painted on the wall and divided by a <unk> and a curtain .
The workers often suffer sexual abuse to their customers .
On the dusk , I remember , I remember a <unk> fear , and in that moment , I could barely imagine what it should be caught in that hell .
I just had one way , the stairs where I walked into .
I had no backdoors door .
There was no big enough windows like climbing .
Those people do n't have any <unk> , and because we play a difficult topic , it 's important to point out that slavery , even sexual trafficking , happens around us .
There are hundreds of people <unk> in agriculture , in restaurants , in the home service , and the list can continue .
Recently , the New York Times reported that between 100,000 and 300,000 American children are sold every year as sexual slaves .
It 's everywhere , but we do n't see it .
The textiles are another activity that often relate to the slave hand labor .
I went to Indian villages where there were whole families <unk> in the trade of silk .
This is a family portrait .
The black <unk> hands are the father , blue <unk> and red , of their children .
<unk> <unk> in these big barrels , and <unk> silk in liquid to <unk> , but stain is toxic .
My translator told me stories .
`` We have no freedom , '' they said .
`` We still hope , however , can come out of this house someday and go somewhere else where we really pay our work . ''
It 's estimated that there are more than 4,000 children enslaved in the lake lake , the largest artificial lake in the world .
When we got , I was just going to take a look at it .
I saw what seemed to be a family of fishermen on a boat , two older brothers , some younger children , does it make sense ?
Wrong . They were all slaves .
The children are separated from their distributed families , and they were forced to work extensively along these boats in the lake , despite not knowing .
This boy is eight years old .
When our boat came up , he was quivering ; it 's a theme that his little canoe was <unk> .
I was paralyzed by the fear of falling into the water .
<unk> branches of trees immersed in Lake Volta often catch networks and children , <unk> and fear , they get to the water to release the branches .
Many are drowned .
Since remember , it was always been forced to work on the lake .
In fear of her love , he 's not going to run away , and as a whole life has been treated by cruelty , he <unk> his slaves younger slaves under their command .
I met these guys at five o'clock in the morning , when they were up the last networks , but they had been working from the last networks .
It 's a cold and windy night .
And I would point out that these networks weigh over 400 pounds , when they 're packed with fish .
I want to introduce you to Kofi Annan .
Kofi was rescued in a fishing village .
I met him in a hut where we <unk> the <unk> ' victims ' victims .
Kofi symbolizes as possible .
Who 's going to be because somebody decided to make a difference in their life ?
<unk> on a road in Ghana with partners from <unk> the <unk> , a fellow <unk> with their motorcycle suddenly accelerated and beaten up the window .
We were asked to get it through a dirt path to the forest .
At the end of the road , we got to get out of the car , and he asked the driver to go quickly .
Then he pointed out this path just visible and said , `` This is the way , this is the way . Come on . ''
As we started to go down , we removed the <unk> that we had on the road , and after walking around an hour , what we found was that the path was taken off by the recent rains , so I put the photos of photos on my head as we put it in the waters .
After two hours of walking , the <unk> path ended up in a clear part , and we had a mass of holes that could fit in a football field , and everybody was filled with workers who are enslaved .
A lot of women had tied their back to their backs , and they were looking for gold , they walked around with mercury .
<unk> is used in the process of extraction .
These miners are enslaved in a well in another part of Ghana .
When they came out of the well , they were focusing on their own sweat .
I remember watching his eyes tired , <unk> , given that many had been underground for 72 hours .
<unk> have to be 90 feet , and these people do carry heavy , stone bags , they 're going to be shipped to another area where they 're going to get the stone down to extract the gold .
At first sight , the site seems to be filled with strong men and <unk> , but , if you look closer , the margin are looking at other lucky ones , and also children .
These are all victims of injuries , disease and violence .
In fact , it 's very likely that this bully bully , like this victim of tuberculosis , and of poisoning care in a few years .
This is <unk> . When his father died his uncle took him to work with him in the mines .
When he died his uncle , he was <unk> <unk> the debt of the uncle to be a slave in the mines .
When I met him , I had worked in the mines 14 years and the leg injury that you see here is a product of an accident in the mine , so severe that doctors said it should be a person .
In addition to that , <unk> has tuberculosis , and yet it 's forced to work night and day in that mine .
Yet , he dream of being liberated and educated with the help of local activists like <unk> the <unk> ' and it 's this kind of determination , of face to a remote possibility , which I 'm inspired a lot of respect .
I want to throw light on slavery .
They knew that their images would be seen by you all around the world .
I wanted you to know that we 'll give witness to them and we will make everything possible to help change their lives .
I honestly believe that if we can see each other as human beings , then it 's very difficult to tolerate atrocities like slavery .
These images are not from magazines . It 's people , real people , like you and me , who deserve the same rights , dignity and respect in their lives .
There is no day that happens that I do n't think about these so many beautiful people , battered people , who have had the great honor to meet .
I hope that these images actually wake up a force in which you see them , in people like you , and I hope that that force turns on a fire , and that the fire <unk> light on slavery because , without that light , the beast of slavery can continue to live in the shadows .
Thank you very much .
I do math math , and there 's a funny problem for whom it does : we are like management consultants .
Nobody knows what the hell we do .
So today , I 'll try and explain what I do .
Dance is one of the most human activities .
We 'd be able to <unk> the ballet virtuous and the dancers of <unk> that we 'll see later on .
But the ballet demand for a degree of extraordinary training , a high level of skill and probably some initial fitness that can well have a genetic component .
Sadly , neurological disorders like Parkinson 's disease destroyed gradually this extraordinary skill , as it does with my friend <unk> <unk> that , in their time , was a virtuous dancer .
In the last few years , it 's been moved on to treatment .
However , there are <unk> millions of people in the world that are sick , and they have to deal with an incurable , tremor , stiffness , and other symptoms of this disease , so we need objective tools to detect the disease before it 's too late .
We need to be able to measure progress in an objective way , and ultimately the only way we 'll know if there 's actually a cure to be when we have an objective metric and <unk> .
But it 's frustrating that for Parkinson 's , and other disorders of the movement is not biological markers , and so they do n't work for blood analysis and the best we have is a neurological test for 20 minutes .
You have to go to a clinic to do it . It 's very , very expensive , and that means that , outside of the clinical trials , they never do . It has never been done .
And what if patients could do it at home ?
So that would save a trip to the clinic . What if patients could do the exam themselves ?
You would n't need any personal .
By the way , it costs about 300 dollars in neurological clinic .
So , what I want to do to you as not a conventional <unk> way to try , you see , in a certain sense at least , we are all virtuous like my friend <unk> <unk> .
This is a video of the vibration of the vocal chords .
It shows someone healthy as they make sounds when we speak , and we can imagine as a vocal ballet dancers because we have to coordinate all those vocal organs to produce sounds , and we all have the genes that we need . The <unk> , for example .
And as the ballet , it requires an extraordinary level of training .
Let 's think about time that leads to a child to learn to speak .
From sound , we can track the position of the vocal chords as they vibrate , and as well as Parkinson 's affects the limbs , it also affects the vocal organ .
On the trace below you can see an example of the irregular tremor of the vocal chords .
We see the same symptoms .
vocal tremor , weakness and stiffness .
The speech becomes more quiet and <unk> after a while , and this is an example of the symptoms .
How do you compare these tests based on the voice with the specialized clinical trials ? Well , they 're both invasive .
The neurological test is not invasive . Both use existing infrastructure .
You do n't need to design a whole series of hospitals to make them .
These are both skillful . Well , but in addition to <unk> tests are not specialized .
I mean , they can be <unk> .
They do very quickly , they take about 30 seconds as a lot .
They 're at minimum cost , and we all know what happens .
When something becomes so low , it appears on a massive scale .
These are some incredible goals to address .
We can reduce the patient 's difficulties .
I would n't need to go to the clinic for the clinic to fire <unk> .
<unk> monitoring , we could get results .
We could do massively low-cost , low-cost for clinical trials , and for the first time , <unk> doable .
We have the opportunity to start looking for the first biomarkers of the disease before it 's too late .
So when I 'm going to give you the first steps in that sense , we 're launching the Parkinson 's disease Initiative .
Along with <unk> and <unk> , we want to record a lot of voices around the world to collect enough data and start dealing with these targets .
We have local lines for about 750 million people in the world .
Anyone with or without a Parkinson 's , he can call under price and to go recordings for a few cents . And I 'm pleased to announce that we 've already reached six percent of the goal in just eight hours .
Tom Rielly : So Max Rielly : so Max , taking all these samples from , say 10,000 people , you 'll be able to say who 's healthy and who is n't ?
What will you come from these samples ?
Max Little : Yes , yeah . What happens is that during the call , you have to tell you whether you have or not the disease . TR : Yeah .
<unk> : You see , some people can not pass it . They may not end it .
But we 're going to get a very large sample of data in different circumstances , and do it in different circumstances , it 's important because we 're looking for <unk> the confusion factors looking for the real markers of disease .
TR : You have 86 percent accuracy right now ?
<unk> : A lot more than that .
Actually , my graduate student , I have to <unk> , has done fantastic work , and now it 's shown that it works on the mobile phone network as well , what the project would take . We now have 99 percent accuracy .
TR : Ten and nine . Well , it 's an improvement .
<unk> : Of course .
TR : Thank you very much . Max young , public .
<unk> : Thank you , Tom .
Before March , 2011 , I was doing <unk> <unk> in New York City .
We are <unk> creatures .
We were focusing on darkness , in rooms with no windows and , usually we avoid sunlight .
We do the thin models still thinner , the perfect skin even more perfect , we do the impossible , possible and us in the press all the time , but some of us are really artists with talent with many years of experience and a real taste of images and photography .
On March 11 , 2011 , I saw from my house , like the rest of the world , the tragic events that were going on in Japan .
Shortly after , an organization where he was voluntary , there was <unk> <unk> , was in the place working as part of the response team .
I , along with hundreds of other volunteers we knew that we could n't stay sitting at home , so I decided to join the group for three weeks .
On May 13 , I went to <unk> .
It 's a little people of fishermen who are located in the <unk> <unk> of almost 50,000 people , one of the first people affected by the wave .
The water level went over 24 feet more than 24 feet , and over three kilometers inland .
As you can imagine , the people was crushed .
We get the rubble out of the channels and the ditches .
We took schools . We took the mud and we left the ready houses to be <unk> and <unk> .
We took tons and tons of dead fish , smelly , rotten factory from the local factory .
We were bored and loved .
For weeks , both volunteers and volunteers found similar things .
They found pictures and pictures of photos and cameras and SD cards .
Everybody did the same thing .
<unk> and take them to different places in the villages around to <unk> .
It was n't until then I realized that these pictures represented an enormous part of the personal losses that people had suffered .
While they were fleeing the wave , and to save his lives , they had to leave absolutely everything they had .
At the end of my first week , I started to help in a rescue center of the village .
It helped to clean up the communal bathrooms , the huge , gigantic <unk> .
This place turned out to be , in addition to the town of waiting to pick up the photos .
And I had the honor , and I had the honor that day <unk> in me to clean the photos .
This was exciting and inspiring , I had heard the expression of thinking beyond the horizons , but it was n't until I went beyond my horizons .
When you look at the photos , I found some that had over a hundred years , some of them were still in the lab , I could n't help but think about how to fix that <unk> and repair that <unk> and knew hundreds of people who could do the same thing .
So that night I got on Facebook contacted with some of them , and the next morning the answer was so overwhelming and positive , that I knew we had to try .
So we started matching pictures .
This was the first of all .
And I was n't too spoiled , but where the water had cracked the face of the girl , I had to make up with a lot of accuracy and subtle .
Otherwise , that little girl would n't look like her , and that would be as tragic as having the <unk> picture .
At the time step , they came in for more photos , and they needed more <unk> , so that 's that I entered Facebook and LinkedIn and five days later 80 people in 12 countries volunteered to help .
Within two weeks , I had 150 people out of joining together .
In Japan , in July , we mobilize us to <unk> , a neighbor town in the north of <unk> .
Once a week we use our scanner in the photographic libraries that had been installed , where people would reclaim their photos .
The time that it took on <unk> is a different story , it depended on the <unk> of the photos .
It could be an hour . It could be a weeks .
It could be a few months .
This <unk> had to draw practically by hand using the areas whose color and detail the water had no destroyed .
It took a long time .
The water destroyed all these photos in saltwater , covered with bacteria , with algae , with algae , and it 's even oil , all of them , and I continue to <unk> , that 's why <unk> hand was an important part of the project .
We could n't tweak that picture unless it was clean , it 's dry and it would have been <unk> by his owner .
We were lucky enough to do .
We have the guide of a remarkable neighbor .
It 's very easy to hurt even more the pictures already damaged .
As once again , he said <unk> , the leader of my group is how to make a tattoo .
You ca n't make mistakes .
The woman who brought us these pictures were lucky enough to get the pictures .
She had started <unk> herself , but he stopped to realize that he would hurt even more .
I also had <unk> .
Without them , the images of her husband and his own face would n't have been able to rebuild , we were able to put the images into one photo and tinker with the whole picture .
When I picked up their pictures shared some of their story with us .
A few colleagues of her husband found the photos in a fire station between the rubble far away from where they used to be their house , but their colleagues recognized it .
The day of the tsunami , her husband was the experimenter to close the barriers to the wave .
It had to go inside of the water as <unk> sound .
His little kids , not so small now , but their two kids were at school , in different schools .
One of them was trapped in the water .
It took a week to find his whole family and knowing that they all had survived .
And the day I gave her pictures his photographs less about 14 years old .
For her , despite all of this , those pictures were the best gift I could do , something that he could come back to look , something that could remember from the past that he would n't have been made out of that day in March when everything in his life changed or destroyed .
After six months in Japan , 1,100 volunteers had joined in there with hundreds of them , hundreds of them helped us to clean up , and they helped us to clean up the whole majority of 135 photographs -- the vast majority of their own .
Over 500 volunteers all over the world helped us bring hundreds of 90 families to hundreds of photos , completely <unk> and <unk> .
During this time , we do n't really spend more than $ 1,000 into teams and materials , most of them in ink for printers .
We take pictures constantly .
One photo is a memory of someone or something , a relationship , a relationship , someone wanted .
They 're <unk> from our memories and stories , the last thing we would take , but the first thing that we will look for .
This is about this project , to restore little bits of humanity , to bring someone their connection to the past .
When a picture like this person gets back to someone , it 's a huge difference in the life of the person who receives it .
This project also made a big difference in the life of <unk> .
Some of them connected with something larger , they 'll give back something , using their talent to something that they 're not going to be a thin skin models .
To finish the end I 'd like to read this email , I 'd like to Cindy this day I came back from Japan after six months .
As a result , I could not avoid thinking about people and the stories shown in the images .
One particular one , a photo with women of different ages from the grandmother to the small girl , gathered around a baby , was moved by me , because a similar picture of my grandmother , my mother , me and my newborn daughter , she hangs out of our wall .
In the entire world , in all of our basic needs are the same , right ?
Thank you .
Doc <unk> was inspired by awe and curiosity with this picture of a bullet that goes through an apple in a single billionth of a second .
But now , 50 years later , we can go a million times faster and seeing the world not a million or a billion , but at a trillion frames per second .
I present to you a new kind of photograph : <unk> -- a new technique so fast that can create videos in slow motion of light .
And with that , we can create cameras that can see behind the corners , beyond the line of vision , or see the interior of the body without using X-rays , and challenge the idea of camera .
If I take a laser pointer , and I turn it into it , and it 's going to turn it into a second <unk> or so , in various ways , to create a package of <unk> photons .
And that <unk> package , that bullet , travel at the speed of light , and again , a million times faster than a common bullet .
If we take that bullet and this package of photons and fire in this bottle , how do those photons spread into this bottle ?
What is the aspect of light in slow motion ?
Now , all of this -- that all of this happens effectively in less than a <unk> is what it takes to take on the light .
But this video is 10 billion times slower so that you can see the light in motion .
Coca-Cola is n't doing this research . They are a lot of things in this film , and they 'll take this information to show what 's going on .
The pulse , our bullet , comes into the bottle with a <unk> package that starts <unk> and that , inside , it starts <unk> .
Part of the light goes away , it goes to the table , and we started to see these ripples .
Many of our photons finally get to the cover , and then they explode in various directions .
As you can see , there 's an air bubble that bounces back inside .
In that time , the waves travel on the table , and because of the thoughts on the top you see at the bottom of the bottle , after several squares , that the thoughts are concentrate .
Now , if we took a common bullet and we make it run the same distance , and we see it in slow motion at about 10 billion times , how much would you think it would take us to see that movie ?
A week ? A week ? Actually , a whole year .
It would be a very boring film of a slow bullet moving .
And what about a test with dead nature ?
You can see the waves that would get rid of the table , the tomato and the bottom wall .
It 's like throwing a stone on a pond .
It 's the way that nature paints a picture , I thought , of a <unk> at the time , but of course our eyes see an integral composition .
But if you look at once again this tomato , you 'll realize that , as the light takes over a tomato , it does n't get dark .
Why ? Because the tomato is ripe and light bounces back , and it comes back out of various <unk> .
In the future , when this <unk> is in your mobile phone , you 'll be able to go to the supermarket and check if the fruit is grown without having to touch it .
Why do we create this camera at MIT ?
As photographers , you know , if you take a low exposure , it comes in very little light .
But we 'll do a billion times faster than the shortest exhibition , so I 'll just get into some light .
We sent that bullet out , that package of photons , millions of times , and we recorded over and over again with very cleverly sync , we take this gigabytes of data and the <unk> <unk> to create those <unk> I showed you .
We can take all of those raw data , and it 's interesting to be interesting .
Superman can fly .
Other heroes can become invisible .
And if a new power of a superhero and would allow him to see after the corners ?
The idea is that we could throw some light on the door , and they 'll be able to go into the room , one part is going to reflect on the door , and from there to the camera .
Where we could extract those multiple <unk> of light .
It 's not science fiction . We 've already built it .
On the left , it 's our <unk> .
Behind the wall is a dummy and <unk> light on the door .
After the publication of our article in Nature Communications .
And a tiny fraction of photons will come back to the camera , but interestingly , at slightly different times .
And as we have a camera that works like this quickly , our <unk> , has unique capacities .
It 's got very good temporary resolution , and it can look at the world at the speed of light .
So we know the distances to the door and also even the hidden objects , but we do n't know what extent to the point .
As a laser project you can record a gross laser , that you see on the screen , it really does n't make any sense .
But let 's take a lot of images like this , tens of images , we 're going to get them and we 're going to try and analyze the multiple <unk> of light , and with that , can we see the hidden object ?
Can we see in 3D ?
This is our reconstruction .
We have things to explore before we get this out of the lab , but in the future , we could create cars that avoid collisions with what 's going on , the curve .
Or we could look for survivors ' conditions , looking at light conditions open up open .
Or we could build <unk> able to see the interior of the body , and we could n't see the same thing for the <unk> .
But of course , because of tissue and blood , this is quite difficult , so this is actually an order to scientists so that they start to think about it as a new mode of visualization to solve the problems of our next generation .
Just as Doc <unk> , himself a scientist , became art in art , an art of <unk> photographs .
I realized that all of the gigabytes of data that we collected each time are not just for scientific opinions , but we can be able to be able to see that .
To create a new form of computational photography with slow motion and color code .
And let 's look at those waves . Remember , the time between each of those waves is just a <unk> of a second .
But here also happens a funny thing .
If you look at the waves under the front , you get away from us .
The waves should move towards us .
What happens here ?
It turns out , as we 're recording almost at the speed of light , we have weird effects . So Einstein would have loved to see this image .
The order that events occur in the world sometimes happens to the camera .
We 're going to have the corresponding warping of space and time , we can correct this distortion .
It 's already time . Thank you .
Hello . This is my mobile phone .
A cell phone can change life , and gives you free freedom .
With a cell phone , a crime can run a crime against humanity in Syria .
With a cell phone , you can tweet a message and start a protest in Egypt .
With a cell phone , you can record a song , move it into <unk> and become famous .
This is all possible with a mobile phone .
I 'm a <unk> in 1984 and live in the city in Berlin .
Let 's go back to that moment , to this city .
Here you can see how hundreds of thousands of people were to find a change .
This is the fall of 1989 , and imagine if all these people gathered up that they were looking for a change , they had a cell phone in their pocket .
Who of the submit have a cell phone here ?
<unk> .
Show your mobile phone , <unk> !
<unk> . An Android , a Blackberry , wow !
It 's a lot . Almost everyone today have a cell phone .
But today , I 'm going to talk about my mobile phone , and how life changed me .
I 'm going to talk about this .
These are 35 <unk> lines of information .
The raw data .
Why is that information there ?
Because in the summer of 2006 the E.U .
<unk> 's <unk> .
This directive says that every European telephone company , every Internet provider of Europe , has to store a broad range of information information .
Who calls an email to who . Who sends an email to who .
Who sends a text to who .
And if we use the mobile , where we are .
All of this information is stored for at least six months , and to two years , in your phone company or your phone provider .
And in all Europe , people stood up and said , `` We do n't want this . ''
They said they did n't want this retrieval of data .
We want to self-determination in the digital age , and we do n't want the phone to and the Internet providers all of this information about us .
There was lawyers , the reporters , priests , everybody said , `` We do n't want this . ''
And you can see about 10,000 people who went out to the streets in Berlin and said , `` Freedom , fear . ''
And some even said this would be <unk> 2.0 .
<unk> was the secret police of East Germany .
And I also wondered if this works really .
Can you store all this information on us ?
Any time I use mobile ?
So I asked my phone , <unk> <unk> , who at that time was the largest telephone company in Germany , which please do me all the information they had about me .
I was asked once , and I went back to ask , and I did n't get a concrete answer . It was all blah blah .
But then I said , `` I want to have this information because you are my life . ''
So I decided that I 'd come up with a lawsuit , because I wanted to have this information .
But <unk> <unk> said no , we wo n't give this information .
At the end of it , I mean .
<unk> for demand and they would send me the information that I would ask .
Meanwhile , the German German Court failed the <unk> for the German law of the E.U .
So I got this ugly about brown with a CD inside .
And on the CD , there was this .
Thirty and five thousand <unk> , 30 lines of information .
At first I saw them , and I said , well , it 's a huge archive . Okay .
But after a while , I realized that it 's my life .
There are six months of my life in this file .
It was a bit skeptical : what should I do with that ?
Because you can see where I am at night , what I 'm doing .
But then I said , I want this information to come out .
I want to make it public .
Because I want to show people what data retention means .
So , next to <unk> Online and Open Data City , we did this .
This is a visualization of six months of my life .
You can zoom in and move away , go backwards and forwards .
You can see every step I give .
And you can see how I 'm going to go on the train to Cologne , and what I often call in the journey .
This is all possible with this information .
That 's a little scary .
But it 's not just me .
It 's all of us .
First , there are things like , I call my wife , and she calls me , we talked about a couple of times .
Then they call me some friends , and they 're called between them .
And then one calls the other one , and the other one , and we ended up with this big network of communications .
You can see how your people communicate with each other what time they call each other , what time they sleep .
You can see all this .
You can see the centers , the leaders of the group .
If you have access to this information , you can see what society is doing .
If you have access to this information , you can control your society .
This is a model for countries like China and Iran .
This is a model to study the form of your society , because you know who speaks to who , who tells an email to who , all of this is possible if you have access to this information .
And this information is stored at least six months in Europe , and to two years .
As I said at the beginning , imagine if all these people on the streets in Berlin , in the fall of 1989 , had a cell phone in our pocket .
And the <unk> had known who was involved in this protest , and if the <unk> had known who they were the leaders , this would never have happened .
The fall of the Berlin Wall would never have happened .
And , accordingly , it 's also not the fall of the Iron Age .
Because today , state agencies and companies want to store so much information from us as possible inside and outside the web .
They want to have the chance to follow our lives and they want to store them forever .
But self-determination and living in the digital age is not a contradiction .
But today you have to fight for self-determination .
You have to fight for that every day .
When you go home tell your friends that privacy is a 21st century value and it 's not outmoded .
When you go home , tell your MPs , that just because companies and state agencies can store some information , they do n't have to do it .
And if you do n't believe me , ask your phone company , what information store you from you .
So in the future , every time you use your mobile phones to help you remember that you have to fight for vulnerability to the digital age .
Thank you .
Hello TEDWomen , what happens ?
It 's not enough .
Hello TEDWomen , what happens ?
I call myself <unk> <unk> , and I 'm not <unk> , but I know the doctor that brought me into the world .
I 'm going to hold up my mom six times in six different directions , I would lie to the poor of me in the process .
As a result , I have cerebral palsy , and that 's why we 've got it all the time .
Look .
It 's exhausting . I 'm like a mixture of <unk> .
And Muhammad Al .
<unk> C. It 's not genetics .
It 's not <unk> ca n't contract .
No one would make my mother 's uterus , and not the <unk> because my parents were a cousins , even though they are .
It just happens by accidents , like the one I came up with .
Now , I warn you , I 'm not a source of inspiration .
It feels bad for me , because at some point in life , you wish to be disabled .
Go on .
Christmas Christmas , are in the mall , drive into circles for parking lot , and what do you see ?
16 empty places for the disabled .
And they think , `` God , can I be at least a little bit of impaired ? ''
In addition , I tell you , I have 99 problems , and the P. C. It 's just one of them .
There was a <unk> of oppression , I would win the gold medal .
I am Palestinian , Muslim , woman , disabled , living in New Jersey .
If you do n't feel better , maybe you should do it .
I 'm from <unk> Park , in New Jersey .
I always loved that my neighborhood and my disease had the same initials .
I also love that if I wanted to walk from my house to New York , I could .
A lot of people with cerebral palsy do n't walk , but my parents do n't believe in the `` ca n't . ''
My father 's mantra was , `` You can do it ; I dance <unk> . ''
If my three senior sisters , I <unk> .
If my three older sisters went to public school , my parents would go to the school system , and they 'd become <unk> that I was also , and if we did n't take all of the top note , we all had my mother 's assistant .
My father taught me to walk at the age of five and putting my toes on his feet and simply walking .
Another tactic I used was to hang on a dollar in front of me so that we 'll get it .
The <unk> I 'm wearing in it was very strong .
Yes , the first day in kindergarten was walking like a boxing who have received a lot of taps .
Growing up , there were only six Arabs in my city and were all of the family .
Now there are 20 Arabs , and they 're still all of the family . I think no one realized we were n't Italians .
This was before 9/11 , and that the politicians would think would appropriate to use `` hate Muslims '' as a campaign slogan .
The people that I grew up with had no problems with my faith .
However , it looked like a lot of death death during the <unk> .
I was telling them that he had enough fat to live three months without eating , so at the time of dawn at dusk is very easy .
I danced through Broadway .
Yeah , on Broadway . He 's crazy . My parents could n't afford physical therapy , so they sent me to the dance school .
I learned to dance with heels , or I 've learned to go with heels .
I 'm from New Jersey , and we want to be <unk> , so if my friends used heels , I also .
And when my friends were going to spend the summer vacation on the Jersey coast , I was n't going to go .
I spent my summers into a war zone , because my parents were afraid if we do n't go back to Palestine every summers , we 'll have Madonna .
On the summer vacation often my father was treated by <unk> , so I would drink <unk> water , put me warm cups on my back , I 'm going to lie in the Dead Sea , and I remember the water , and I remember the water , and I thought , `` It works , it works . ''
But the miracle cure was the yoga .
I should say that it 's very boring , but before I do yoga was a <unk> comedian that could n't stand up .
And now I can stand on your head .
My parents gave this idea that I could do anything , that no dream was impossible , and my dream was to be at the hospital Hospital .
I went to college through positive discrimination and I got a scholarship to the <unk> , University of the State of Arizona , because I was in all <unk> .
It was like the <unk> of the theater , the theater department .
They all loved me .
I did all the least smart tasks , I took the maximum note in my classes , and also in his classes .
Every time I was doing a scene of the glass zoo my teachers <unk> .
But I never got a role .
Finally , in my last year , the <unk> decided to do a work called the very slow dance in Jackson .
It 's a work of a girl with cerebral palsy .
I was a girl with cerebral palsy .
So I started screaming at four winds : `` In order will have a role .
I 've got cerebral palsy .
After free . At the end of it .
Thank God all-powerful , finally I 'm free . ''
I did n't get the paper . They gave him Brown Brown .
I went down to the director of the theater department , crying historically , as if somebody had killed my cat , to ask her why , and she told me that because they thought he could n't do the stunt stunts .
And I said , `` Excuse me , if I ca n't do the stunts , you ca n't do the character . ''
It was a paper that was literally born and gave him a stroke of cerebral palsy .
College was imitating my life .
Hollywood has a <unk> history of <unk> actors for disabled papers .
When I graduated from , I returned home , and my first <unk> tour was as an extra sign of soap .
My dream became reality .
And I knew it would be <unk> from `` companion '' to `` best friend crazy . ''
Instead , I stayed there like a vase , I did n't see myself more than the back of the neck , and it was obvious to me that <unk> , we do n't have <unk> actors , not white , disability .
It 's just facing perfect people .
But there were exceptions to the rule .
I grew up looking at <unk> Goldberg , <unk> <unk> , Ellen , and all these women had one thing in common : they were comedians .
That 's why I became <unk> .
In my first tour of New York City , I led to New York City of New York to New Jersey , and I will never forget the face of the first comedy that he took when he fell into the realization that he was at high speed by the highway of New Jersey with a driver she had cerebral palsy .
I worked in clubs across the United States , and also in Arabic in the Middle East , without censorship and uncensored .
Some people say I 'm the first <unk> in the Arab world .
I never like to reclaim the first place , but I know that you 've never heard that little nasty rumor that says that women are not fun , and they find us very funny .
In 2003 , my brother of another mother and father , Dean <unk> , and I launched the New York <unk> Festival in New York , now in his <unk> year .
Our goal was to change the negative image of <unk> in the media and the time remind the <unk> directors that <unk> and Arabic are not synonymous .
We were able to do the Arabs were much easier to fight against the challenge of disability disability .
My great opportunity was in 2010 .
I was like to show the news program per cable program behind Keith <unk> .
I went into a graduate school dance , I sat down to a studio and sat at a wheelchair .
I looked at the principal , and I said , `` Excuse me , can you give me another chair ? ''
She looked at me and said , `` Five , four , three , two . ''
And we were live .
So I hold onto the host of man 's desk in order to not go over the screen during the segment , and when I finished the interview , I was pale .
I end up with my opportunity and <unk> . I knew they did n't come back .
But not just Mr. <unk> came back to me , but I was like participant as a full time , and he hit my chair .
There 's a little bit of fun that I learned in direct with Keith <unk> was that people on the Internet are scum .
It 's said that the kids are cruel , but they never became a little girl and a little girl .
Suddenly my disability on the Internet became the object of ridicule .
And I would see clips online with comments like , `` Why <unk> ? ''
`` Is it <unk> ? ''
And my favorite : `` Poor <unk> terrorist .
What disease does it have ?
We should really pray for her . ''
A commentator suggested I even suggested my disability to my rsum : writer , comedian , paralyzed .
Disability is as visual as race .
If someone in the wheelchair ca n't make it <unk> , then you ca n't make somebody in a wheelchair .
The disabled are the -- yes , applaud , man . Come on .
The disabled are the largest minority in the world , and the most <unk> in the world of entertainment .
Doctors said no walk , but I 'm here in front of you .
However , having grown up with media , I do n't think it was .
I hope that together we can create more positive images of disability in the media and in everyday life .
Maybe if there were more positive images , that would be less hatred on the Internet .
Or maybe not .
Maybe we need the entire society to teach our kids well .
My tortuous journey has led me to some very spectacular places .
I came to <unk> by the red carpet <unk> by the Net of Susan <unk> Susan <unk> and the infamous <unk> <unk> .
I got to act on a film with Adam <unk> and working with my idol , incredible Matthews .
We 've got the world for `` Arabs have gone crazy . ''
I was <unk> in representation of the great state of New Jersey in 2008 .
And I founded `` Children 's <unk> , '' a charity to give children refugee kids a tiny fraction of what my parents gave me .
It was the only time my father saw me going live , and I do this talk to his memory .
Thank you .
I call myself <unk> <unk> , and if I can , you can also .
I 'd like to tell you a story about a little boy in a small village .
I do n't know your name , but I know your story .
She lives in a small village to the South <unk> .
This people are close to <unk> .
drought drives the small people to poverty and the verge of starvation .
Without anything , it goes to the great city , in this case , <unk> , the capital of Somalia .
When it comes there , there is no opportunity , there 's no job , no future perspective .
He 's just living in a tent in the city outside of <unk> .
After maybe a year <unk> , nothing .
One day I read about a gentleman who 's offered to take him to lunch , after dinner , to dinner , to eat .
She knows a dynamic group of people , which gives it a break .
She gets a little bit of money to buy new clothes , money to send home , their family .
I read a young man .
It 's finally home .
It starts a new life .
It has a life target .
A beautiful day in <unk> , under a blue sky , bursts a car bomb .
That child 's little town with the dreams of the great city was the suicide bomber , and that dynamic group of people were to <unk> , a terrorist organization connected to al Qaeda .
So how do the story of a child in a little village trying to fulfill their dreams in the city ends with him ?
He was waiting .
I was waiting for an opportunity , hoping to start their future , waiting for a future perspective , and this was the first thing that came .
This was the first thing that he pulled it out of what we call `` the waiting period . ''
And its story is repeated in urban centers around the world .
It 's the story of the marginalized , young unemployed , who <unk> <unk> at Johannesburg , <unk> riots in London , looking for something beyond the `` expected period . ''
For the young , the promise of the city , the great dream of the city is the opportunity , of work , of well-being , but young people do not participate in the prosperity of their cities .
It 's often the youth that suffers from the highest rates of unemployment .
By 2030 , three of five people living in cities will be under 18 .
If we do n't include young people in the growth of our cities , if we do n't provide opportunities , the story of the `` waits period '' from access to terrorism , to violence , to gangs , to be the story of cities 2.0 .
And in my city of birth , <unk> , 70 percent of the young people are unemployed .
Seventy percent does n't work , it does n't go to school .
They do virtually nothing .
I went back to <unk> last month , and I went to visit the <unk> Hospital , the hospital where I was born .
I remember going to this hospital in front of the hospital thinking , and if I would never have gone ?
What if I had been forced to be in that same `` waiting period '' ?
Would I have become a terrorist ?
I 'm not really sure about the answer .
The reason I was in <unk> that month was actually to house some juvenile leaders at a corporate pinnacle .
It was brought in about 90 juvenile leaders .
And we sat down , and we had brainstorming of ideas on the solutions to the big challenges facing the city .
One of the young people in the room was <unk> .
He went to the University of <unk> , graduated .
There was no job , no opportunity .
And I remember when he told me , because he was a graduate university , unemployed , frustrated , was the perfect target for al Shabaab and other terrorists , to be recruited .
They were looking for people like him .
But this story takes a different path .
In <unk> , the biggest obstacle to point to point A is the streets .
<unk> years of civil war have completely destroyed the road system , and a motorcycle can be the easiest way to mobilize .
<unk> saw an opportunity and I seized it .
She started a motorbikes company .
She started <unk> into the local residents who normally could n't get 'em .
I bought 10 motorcycles , with the help of his family and friends , and his dream is at some point , to expand hundreds of motorbikes over the next three years .
Why is this story different ?
What does this story do to this story ?
I think your ability to identify and leverage a new opportunity .
It 's the business spirit , and I think the corporate spirit can be the most powerful tool against the `` expected period . ''
Let 's get young people to be the creators of the economic opportunities that are searching so desperately .
And you can train young people to be entrepreneurs .
I want to talk to you about a young man who attended one of my meetings , Mohamed <unk> , a <unk> .
I was helping me train some of the young people at the summit of corporate entrepreneurship and how to be innovative and how to create a culture of entrepreneurship .
In fact , it 's the first <unk> that <unk> has seen in more than 22 years , and until recently , until Mohamed arrived , if you wanted flowers for your wedding , we 've got plastic sent away from the foreigner .
If you put somebody , `` When was the last time you saw fresh flowers ? ''
For those of you who grew up during the civil war , the answer would be , `` Never . ''
So , Mohamed saw an opportunity .
He started a firm <unk> company .
I created a farm on the outskirts of <unk> , and he started to grow innovation and <unk> , which he said , could survive the hard weather .
And it started the delivery of flowers for weddings , creating gardens in the houses , and the city companies , and now it 's working on the creation of the first public park in <unk> in 22 years .
There are no public parks in <unk> .
She wants to create a space where the families , the young families , can go together , and , like he says , smell the pink <unk> .
By the way , he does n't grow pink because they use a lot of water .
So , the first step is to inspire the young , and in that room , the presence of Mohamed had a really profound impact on young people .
They had never thought about starting a business .
They had thought to work for an NGO , working for the government , but their story , their innovation , really had a strong impact on them .
They forced them to look at their city as a place of opportunity .
I encouraged them to believe that they could be entrepreneurs , who could be <unk> of change .
By the end of the day , they already had innovative solutions to some of the biggest challenges facing the city .
They bring business solutions to local problems .
So , inspiring young people and creating a business spirit is really a big step , but young people need capital to make their ideas reality .
They need expertise and guidance to guide them in development and put it on their business .
They 're going to get young people with the resources they need , they need the support that they need to move from conception to creation , and they will create <unk> for the urban growth .
For me , the business spirit is something else to start a business .
It 's creating a social impact .
Mohamed is not just selling flowers .
I think it 's selling hope .
Their Peace Park , this is how it calls it , when it 's created , transform the way people see their city .
<unk> hired kids from the street to help rent and keep motorbikes for him .
He gave them a chance to escape from the `` waiting period '' paralysis .
These young entrepreneurs are having a tremendous impact on their cities .
So my suggestion is : to turn the young people in entrepreneurs , they would fight and eat their inherent innovation , and they have more stories about flowers and Peace Parks than <unk> and `` expected periods . ''
Thank you .
I was about 10 years old , and I went camping with my dad in the <unk> Mountains , an area <unk> the state of New York .
It was a beautiful day .
The <unk> forest .
The sun was able to make the leaves <unk> like a <unk> , and it 's not going to be the way we were still , we can hardly pretend we were the first human beings to step on that land .
And we got to our camp .
It was a shed in a <unk> with a beautiful industrialized lake when I discovered something horrible .
Behind the shed there was a dump , of about four square feet with the hearts of rotten apple with little rotten paper balls , and footwear .
And I was reminded of it , I was very angry and incredibly confused .
<unk> that were too lazy to take out what they had , who they thought he was going to clean up their garbage ?
That question went on with me , and I 'd become a little bit of them .
Who clean our trash ?
No matter how to organize or where to put our `` our , '' who clean our trash into Istanbul ?
Who clean our trash in Rio or in Paris or London ?
Here in New York , the Department of <unk> , our garbage here , for about 11,000 tons of waste and 2,000 tons of recyclable products every day .
I wanted to know as individuals .
I wanted to understand who does that work .
What does it feel like to use the uniform and carry that load ?
So I started a research project with them .
I traveled into the trucks and truck as I interviewed and interviewed people in offices and installations throughout the city , and I learned a lot , but it was still a <unk> .
He needed to go further .
So I started working like trash garbage .
I 'm not just traveling in the trucks . I drove them .
And he operated the mechanical mechanical <unk> and snow bar .
It was a remarkable privilege and an amazing learning .
They all ask about smell .
It 's there , but it 's not as prevalent as you believe , and in the days that it 's very strong , you get used to it very quickly .
It costs a lot to get used to weight .
I met people who had worked on it for several years , and their bodies were tracking the weight of taking over their body tons every week .
It 's also the danger .
According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics , the waste collection is one of the most dangerous <unk> of the country , and I learned the reason .
You 're coming out and entering traffic all day and pass it across to you .
They just want to <unk> , so in general the driver 's not paying attention .
That 's very bad for the worker .
And also the crap itself is full of dangers that often fall out of the truck and cause terrible damage .
I also learned about how relentless of the trash .
When you get out of <unk> and you see a city from the back of the truck , you get to understand that garbage is like a force of nature itself .
It never stopped coming .
It 's also like a form of breathing or circulation .
It always should be moving .
And it 's also stigma .
It seems to me that stigma is particularly ironic because I think it 's very ironic that they 're the most important workforce in the streets of the city , for three reasons .
They are the first public health protectors .
If you do n't get rid of the waste in a efficient , effective way of it , this starts to spread out of its containers and their dangers , and they inherent in ways very real .
Now , we had been controlled for decades , and centuries , they come back and start <unk> .
The economy needs it .
If we ca n't get rid of the old we do n't have space for what the motors in the economy start to fail when they 're in danger of consumption .
I 'm not advocating for capitalism , I 'm just pointing out your relationship .
And then there 's what I call our average daily speed needs .
I mean , I 'm just at the speed of the world that we used to move in the contemporary time .
We usually do n't care about it , nor do n't worry , we cleaned or we carry out with us our coffee cup , our bag of the <unk> , our water bottle .
We use them , we throw it up , we forget about them , because we know there 's a labor force on the other side which is taken out of it .
So today I want to suggest to you a couple of ways to think about the waste collection that maybe help you down to the stigma , and you 're going to focus on that conversation about how to design a sustainable and human city .
Their work , I think , is almost <unk> .
They 're in the street every day , <unk> .
They use a uniform in many cities .
You know when you go .
And their work allows us to do our work .
They 're almost a form of relief .
The flow that keep us safe from ourselves , from our own waste , our waste , and that flow should always be held in one way or another .
One day after September 11 , 2001 , I heard the grunt of a collection truck on the street , he grabbed my little son , and he went down the stairs , and there was a man making his journey off of paper just doing it all on Wednesday .
And I tried to thank him for doing his job that day in particular , but I started to cry .
And he looked at me and just nodded , and he said , `` We 're going to be fine .
We 're going to be fine . ''
Shortly after that , I started looking at waste collection , and I went back to see that man .
It 's called <unk> , and we worked together a lot of times , and we made good friends .
I want to believe that I was right .
We 're going to be fine .
But in our efforts to rebuild the way we exist on this planet as a species , we should include all the costs , even the very real human cost of labor .
The municipal waste , what we think when we talk about garbage , they represent three percent of the amount of waste from the nation .
It 's a remarkable statistic .
So in the flow of their days and their lives , the next one you see somebody whose job is to clean up the garbage from you , take a moment to recognize them .
Take a moment to tell you , thank you .
My work focuses on the connection to think about our community lives , forming part of the environment where architecture is born naturally from the conditions and local traditions .
I brought two recent projects like this .
Both of these projects are located in emerging countries , one in Ethiopia and the other in Tunisia .
They also share the fact that different analysis from different perspectives become an essential part of the final work of architecture .
The first example started with an invitation to design a commercial mall in the capital of Ethiopia 's capital , Addis Ababa .
This is the kind of construction that showed us as an example , my team and me , about what we had to design .
At first , the first thing I thought was , `` I want to go running . ''
After seeing some of these buildings there are many in the city , we realized that there are three important aspects to point out .
In principle , these buildings are almost empty because they have very large stores where people can not afford to buy things .
Second , you need to spend a lot of energy because the skin with crystals generates heat inside , so you need a lot of cooling .
In a city where this should n't happen because it 's a temperate climate that goes from 20 to 25 degrees for the whole year .
And third , it does n't have anything to do with Africa and with Ethiopia .
It 's a bad place for a place that rich in culture and traditions .
In our first visit to Ethiopia , I was actually campaigning with the ancient market that is this structure in the open level where thousands of people , go and buy things all the days to little marketers .
There 's also that idea of using public space to generate external activity .
So I thought , that 's what I really wanted to design , not a mall .
But the question was how to build a modern building , several stories , applying these principles .
The next challenge was presented to survey the site , which is located in a lot of a lot of growth in the city , where a lot of the buildings that we now see in the picture , did n't exist .
And it 's between two parallel streets that do n't communicate in a <unk> range .
So the first thing we did was create a connection between these two streets , uniting all the inputs to the building .
And this extends into an inclined atrium atrium that creates an outdoor space in the building that <unk> , in its own shape , the sun and the rain .
And around this space , we 've applied the idea of the market with small businesses , which changes on every floor , because of the form of space .
I also thought , how to close the building ?
I wanted to find a solution that will be able to bring to the local climate conditions .
And I started thinking about a tissue that 's similar to a <unk> concrete shell , and it will allow the input to the air , and also the light , but in a way .
We were inspired by these beautiful buttons in the dresses of the Ethiopians .
They have the properties of fractal geometry , and this helped me model the facade .
We 're building that with these little pieces that are the windows that keep going through the air and light in a way controlled inside the building .
This is <unk> with these little colored crystals of colors that use the light from the building to illuminate the building at night .
With these ideas , it was n't easy to convince the developers because they thought , `` That 's not a mall . It 's not what we ask . ''
But ultimately we all realized that this idea of the market was much more profitable than the mall , because at the end of the world , there were more local to sell .
And also the idea of the facade was much more economic , not only because of the material compared to the glass , but also because it was n't necessary to have air conditioning .
So we get certain savings in the budget that we use to implement the project .
The first thing was to think about how to achieve the power of energy for the building in a city where electricity is short almost every day .
So we get a big advantage putting on the roof .
And then under those panels we thought about the roof as a new public space with areas of meeting and the bars that would create this urban oasis .
And these <unk> on the roof , which is collected water for the back of the inside .
It 's expected for the principles of the next year , because we go through the fifth floor of construction .
The second example is a master plan of 2,000 apartments and services in Tunisia .
And to do a project that 's so big , the biggest thing I 've ever designed , I needed to not only understand the city of Tunisia , but also its environment , their tradition and culture .
During that analysis , I put attention into <unk> , a <unk> structure that was surrounded by a <unk> doors of access doors by almost straight lines .
When I went to the place , the first design operation that we did was expand the streets , creating 12 blocks the similar blocks of size and features in Barcelona and other cities in Europe with these courtyards with these courtyards .
In addition to that , we select some strategic points in relation to the idea of the doors with straight lines , and this altered the initial model .
And the last operation was to think of the cell , the small cell in the project , like the apartment , as an essential part of the master plan .
I thought , what would be the best orientation for an apartment in the weather ?
And it 's a miracle , because it creates a thermal difference between both sides of the house and therefore a natural ventilation .
So we would make a framework that claims that most of the apartments are perfectly <unk> in that direction .
And this is the result of almost as a combination of the European block and the Arab city .
It has these blocks with courtyards , and then in the lower plant , we have all the connections to pedestrians .
And it also responds to local norms that set up higher density at higher levels and higher density into the lower plant .
And it also reinforces this idea of the doors .
The ceiling , which is my favorite space of the project is almost like giving back the community , busy building .
It 's where all the neighbors can go up and mingle , and doing such as a race of a car race for the morning , or jump from one building to another .
These two examples , they have a common approach to the design process .
And also , they 're in emerging countries , where you can see the cities literally growing .
In these cities , the impact of architecture in people 's lives changes communities and local economies at the same rate as the buildings grow .
For this reason , I see even more important to look at architecture looking for simple solutions , but affordable , that improve the relationship between the community and the environment , and they have as objective to connect the nature with people .
Thank you very much .
When I was eight years old , a new girl joined our class . It was so remarkable , as all the new girls see .
He had very bright hair and a little <unk> of pencils , and it was super strong for the capitals of the states , very good for <unk> .
I ended up that year and I was full of jealousy , until I had my sinister plan .
I was a time after the school output , it was a bit late and I hid in the bathroom girls .
When the coast was <unk> , I went out , I walked into the classroom , I took my master 's book book .
And then , I did .
Let 's get the ratings from my rival , just a little bit , just a few .
All right . And I signed up to bring my book back to the crate , but to see , some of my other colleagues had really good grades as well .
So , in a frenzy , I would take the notes around the world , without any imagination .
I put in all rows of <unk> and myself a row of myself , just for being there , because I could ...
I 'm still surprised what I did .
I do n't understand how the idea arose .
I do n't understand why I felt okay by doing it .
I felt important .
I do n't understand why I never caught me .
It 's that it was all obvious .
They never found me .
But most of all , I was reminded of the reason why I was bothered by this little girl , so small , it was so good for me .
I have been jealousy .
They 're so mysterious and so <unk> .
We know that babies suffer from jealousy .
Also primates . Big birds are very likely .
We know that jealousy are the number one cause of spouses in the United States .
And yet , I 've never seen a study that looks at loneliness , or the long duration or the sadness .
So you have to go to the fiction , because novels are like the lab where the jealousy people are studied in all their possible forms .
In fact , I do n't know if it 's an exaggeration to say that if you had no jealousy , there would be no literature .
Well , there would be no Helena , there would be no `` Odyssey . ''
There would be nobody jealous , not `` <unk> and a nights . ''
I would n't have Shakespeare .
We would take the <unk> lists from high school , because we 'd be losing `` The Noise and <unk> , '' there would be no `` Gatsby '' or `` Party . '' We will lose `` Madame <unk> '' and `` Anna K . ''
Without jealousy , there is no Proust . I know that it 's fashionable to say that Proust has the answers for everything , and in terms of jealousy , almost it has all of them .
This year is 100 years of their masterpiece , `` In search of the lost time , '' the most exhaustive study of sexual jealousy , and also in ordinary competitiveness , of mine , whatever we could have , and thinking about Proust , we have the details , right ?
We think of a child trying to reconcile sleep .
We think of a <unk> in your lifetime .
We forgot how hard that image is .
We forget about how relentless it is .
I mean , it 's about books that Virginia <unk> said they were as hard as a cat <unk> .
I do n't know what the cat 's cat is , but we assume it 's <unk> .
Let 's see why they go so good together , the novel and jealousy -- the jealousy and Proust .
Is it very obvious as jealousy , which are reduced to the person , to their desire , to their spouse , are a solid basis ?
I do n't know . I think we got very close to the bone , when we think about what happens when we feel jealousy .
When we feel jealousy , we tell ourselves a story .
One story about other people 's lives , and those stories make us feel terrible because they 're designed for that , to make us feel bad .
Being like storytellers and audience , we know exactly what details to include , to nail the knife , right ?
<unk> are doing all novelists , and that is something that Proust understood .
Everything that she does to give me pleasure could give me pleasure , maybe right now . ''
And it starts to say to itself that story , and since then , Proust says fresh <unk> that <unk> detected in their lover , he adds it to his collection of torture to his collection of torture in their private camera .
You have to admit that <unk> and Proust , were notoriously jealous .
You know , the boyfriends of Proust would have to leave the country , if they wanted to break it .
But you do n't have to be so jealous to recognize that it 's hard work . Right ?
<unk> are <unk> .
It 's a hungry emotion . You have to power it .
And what are jealousy ?
<unk> will come from information .
<unk> use the details .
jealousy like jealousy , they like the vast quantities of bright hair and the cute little <unk> of pencils .
<unk> are <unk> from the photos .
That 's why Instagram is so successful , Proust links to well the language of the jealousy language .
When <unk> is in their jealousy agony , suddenly listening to the door and <unk> the servants of his lover , then defends those behaviors .
He says , `` Look , I know that this is disgusting , but it 's not different to the interpretation of an old text or looking at a memorial . ''
He says , `` They 're a scientific research with real intellectual value . ''
Proust is trying to prove that jealousy looks like <unk> , and they make it seem to be <unk> , but in their core , they 're finding out knowledge , search for the truth , a really painful truth . In fact , what makes Proust matter , the more painful the most .
Pain , humiliation , loss : These were the pathways to the wisdom of Proust .
He says , `` One woman whom we need , that makes us suffer , causes us to make a range of much more profound and vital feelings that a wise man who might be interested in . ''
Are we telling us we 're going to look for cruel women ?
No . I think it 's trying to say that jealousy will reveal ourselves .
Is there any other emotion that makes us open ourselves in this particular way ?
Is there any other excitement about our <unk> , our <unk> ambition and our rights ?
Any other emotion that teaches us to look at how peculiar intensity ?
Freud would write about this later .
One day , Freud was visited by a very nervous young woman who was being consumed with the idea that his woman was consumed .
And Freud says that there was something weird about that man , who did n't know what his wife was doing .
Well , she was innocent ; everybody knew it .
The poor creature was under suspicion without any cause .
But he was looking for things that he was doing his wife , without realizing , unintended behavior .
Is it too much ? Or accidentally <unk> ?
Freud says that the man was becoming the <unk> of the unconscious of his wife .
The novels are very good at this .
The novels describe very well how the jealousy they make us look with intensity but without accuracy .
In fact , the more intensely , the more we are , the more we become in the fantasy residents .
And for this reason , I think , jealousy are taking us to do violent acts or illegal acts .
<unk> will lead us to behave in totally <unk> ways .
Now I 'm thinking about me -- I 'm eight , I know , but I 'm also thinking about this story that I heard on the news .
A woman from Michigan <unk> was captured by having created a false account on Facebook from which they were sending <unk> messages , awful to themselves , for a year .
For a year . A year .
She was trying to send him to the new girlfriend of his former boyfriend , I have to confess that when I was , I reacted to admiration .
Because , let 's be realistic .
How big , even though , creativity . Right ?
It 's like a novel .
Like a novel <unk> novel .
<unk> is one of my favorites .
She 's a very strange and brilliant character of the American literature .
It 's the author of `` <unk> in a <unk> , '' and `` The <unk> Mr. <unk> , '' books that are dealing with our minds , <unk> our minds , and once we 're in the sphere , in the particular realm , the membrane that separates what could be , can be leveraged in a moment .
Take Tom <unk> , his most famous character .
Tom <unk> goes from <unk> or want what you have to take out of your own , and let you know what you 've ever got , and it 's under the floor . <unk> your name , it takes your rings , you take your rings , cow bank accounts .
It 's a way .
But what do we do ? We ca n't take the route of Tom <unk> .
I ca n't give you all around the world , as much as I would like .
It 's a shame , because we live in time with envy .
We live in jealousy times .
I mean , we 're good social media citizens , where the currency is envy ? Right ?
The novels show us the output ? I 'm not sure .
So we 're going to do what the characters are always doing when they 're not safe , when they 're in front of a mystery .
Let 's go to <unk> Street Street and ask for Sherlock Holmes .
When people think about Holmes , they think of the curse curse at Professor Moriarty , that criminal genius .
But I 've always ever wanted [ to Go Go ] <unk> , the head of a rat <unk> 's rat <unk> , which he needs Holmes desperately , he needs someone 's genius , but he bothers him .
Oh , it sounds so familiar to me .
<unk> needs his help , but he would plug it , and he would take off with bitterness in every single one of the mysteries .
But how they work together , something starts to change , and finally in `` The Six of the Six <unk> , '' one time he walks in , <unk> all with their solution , <unk> comes back and says , `` We 're not jealous , sir .
We 're proud of you . ''
And it tells you that there 's no one person at <unk> lovers who do n't want to shake your hand .
It 's one of the times that we see Mies rushed in history . I think this is very emotional . That scene also was mysterious , right ?
It seems to be treating jealousy as a problem of geometry , without emotion .
You know , in a minute pacing the opposite side of <unk> .
The next minute you 're on the same side .
Suddenly , <unk> will be able to admire that idea of being the <unk> .
Could it be so simple ?
What if jealousy are really a matter of geometry , just a question of where we allow us to be relative to the other ?
Well , maybe we do n't have to fall into excellence of the other .
We can engage with it .
But I like planning plans .
So as we expect that , let 's remember that we have the fiction for <unk> .
Only fiction is jealousy .
The fiction alone , invites them to the table .
And look what makes it : sweet <unk> , the terrifying Tom <unk> , the <unk> <unk> , the <unk> Proust .
We 're in great company .
Thank you .
We used to solve big problems .
On the 21st of July 1969 , Buzz Aldrin jumped out of the Apollo Apollo module and landed on the Sea of the <unk> .
Armstrong and Aldrin were alone , but their presence in the gray surface was the culmination of a collective process to <unk> .
The Apollo program was the most mobilization for peace in American history .
To get to the moon , NASA spent about 180 billion dollars today , or four percent of the federal budget .
The Apollo gave work about 400,000 people and asked the collaboration of 20,000 companies , universities and government agencies .
People died , including the Apollo 1 .
But before the Apollo program <unk> , 24 men went to the moon .
We walked on his surface of his surface , of which Aldrin hired after the Armstrong death last year , is now the oldest man .
So why were they ?
They did n't get a lot of it back : <unk> pounds of old rocks , and something that 24 kilometers later , a new sense of something and the fragility of our common home .
Why were they ? The cynical answer is that they were because the Kennedy President wanted to demonstrate to the Soviets , that this nation had better rockets .
But the British words at Rice University in 1962 give us a better idea .
John F. Kennedy : Some ask , why did the moon ?
Why turn it into our goal ?
And you might also ask , why is the highest mountain scale ?
Thirty-five years ago , why will I fly over the Atlantic ?
Why does Rice against Texas play ?
We chose to go to the moon .
We chose to go to the moon .
We choose to go to the Moon in this decade , and do other things , not because it 's simple , but because they 're hard .
Jason <unk> : To the contemporaries , the Apollo was not only a victory of the West on the Cold War .
In the age , the stronger emotion was the wonder of the transcendence of technology powers .
They were because it was great power to do that .
The landing on the moon happened in a context of a long technological successes .
The first half of the 20th century produced the assembly line and the plane , penicillin and the vaccine for tuberculosis .
In the middle of the century , the polio had been eradicated and eliminated .
Technology seemed to own the thing that Alvin <unk> in 1970 called `` <unk> force . ''
For most of the history of humanity , we could n't go faster than a horse , or a boat with a candle , but in 1969 , the Apollo crew flew 10 miles per hour .
Since 1970 , no human being has gone back to the Moon .
No one has traveled faster than Apollo 10 , and the joyful joyful joyful power of the technology has evaporated , to see that the problems we imagined that the technology would solve as to go to Mars , create a clean energy , cure cancer , or feed the world population seem to be a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a bit of
I remember looking at the Apollo 17 .
I was five years old , and my mother told me that you did n't look at the <unk> tube <unk> from the rocket Saturn rocket .
I knew that this would be the last hot mission , but I was totally sure I would get to see the colonies on Mars .
So that , `` Something happened to our ability to solve problems with technology '' has become a common place .
We hear it all the time .
We 've heard about the last two days here , at TED .
It seems like the technologists would have been distracted by us , and they were enriched with trivial toys , things like iPhones and applications and social networks , or algorithms that speed the automated sale speed .
There 's nothing wrong with most of these things .
They 've expanded and enriched our lives .
But they do n't solve the big problems of humanity .
What happened ?
There 's a parochial explanation in Silicon Valley , which <unk> that have been created less ambitious companies than those of the years in which Intel <unk> , Microsoft , Apple and <unk> .
Silicon Valley says that markets are the perpetrators , concrete , incentives that venture capitalists are offering entrepreneurs .
Silicon Valley says that the risk of risk caused the creation of ideas by incremental problems or even false problems .
But I do n't think this explanation is good enough .
<unk> mostly what goes wrong in <unk> Valley .
Even when the venture capitalists were at their peak , they were not worrying about risk , they preferred small investments , some lower investment that they could go out in 10 years .
<unk> . They 've always had problems to invest with profit in technologies like energy , that they need tremendous capital and whose development is in the long run . They also have n't invested in the development of technologies dedicated to solving big problems because they do n't have an immediate value .
No , the reasons why we ca n't solve the big problems are more complicated and profound .
Sometimes , we choose not to solve the big problems .
We could go to Mars if we wanted .
NASA has even designed a plan .
But going to Mars , it would take a political decision that was popular , and that will never happen .
We 're not going to go to Mars because everybody thinks there are more important things to do on Earth .
Sometimes , we ca n't solve the big problems because the political systems fail .
Today , less than two percent of global energy consumption comes from energy sources like solar , wind and <unk> -- less than two percent , and the reason is completely economic .
Coal and natural gas are cheaper than solar and wind , and oil is cheaper than the <unk> .
We want sources of alternative energy that can compete at price .
Now , technologists , the entrepreneurs and economists agree about what political policies and international treaties began to develop the development of an alternative energy : mostly , a significant increase in research and energy development , and some kind of control of the coal price .
But there is no hope in the political climate that we 'll see an American energy policy , and the international treaties that reflect that consensus .
Sometimes , the big problems that seemed technological , they turn out not .
We know from time that famines are a result of failure on the <unk> of food .
But 30 years of research have been taught that famines are political crisis that affects the distribution of food .
Technology can make things better as the crops or systems for storage , and allocation of food , but there will be hunger while there were bad governments .
Finally , the big problems sometimes are going to play a solution because we do n't understand the problem really .
President Nixon was declared war in 1971 , but we soon found that there are many types of cancer , some severely resistant to treatment , and only in the last 10 years seem to have found effective and viable treatments .
The hard problems are hard .
It 's not true that we could n't solve the problems with technology .
We can , and we have to , but these four elements have to be present : Political leaders and the population must want to want to solve the problem ; institutions must support the solution ; it must be really a technological problem , and we need to understand it .
The Apollo mission , which has become something like a metaphor for the ability of technology to solve big problems , serving those things .
But it 's a <unk> model in the future .
We 're not in 1961 .
There is no competition competition like the Cold War , there 's no politician like John Kennedy who will be difficult and dangerous , and there 's no popular mythology of science as it is to explore the solar system .
In general , going to the moon , it turned out to be simple .
I was just three days .
And really , it was n't even address any problem .
We are alone in our present , and the solutions of the future will be harder to get .
God knows we 're not missing the challenges .
Thank you very much .
Well , I 'm going to talk about trust , and I 'm going to start with you the most pervasive ideas that you have about trust .
They 're so common that they 've become cliches from our society .
I think it 's three .
The first one is a claim : there 's been a big decline of trust , it 's a very widespread belief .
The second is one goal : we should be more confident .
And the third is one task : we should recover the trust .
I think the claim , the target and the task have been bad .
What I 'm going to try to talk about today is a different story about a claim , a goal and a task , which I think gives you a more clear idea about it .
First of all , why do people think that trust has been decreased ?
And if I think about the basis of my own evidence , I do n't know the answer .
I bow to think that it may have dropped in some activities or institutions , and that could have risen in others .
I do n't know .
But I can turn to the polls of opinion polls , and polls are supposed to be the source of the belief that trust has declined .
When you look at the surveys of opinion over time , there are no many evidence of it .
I mean , the people who become <unk> 20 years ago , mainly journalists and politicians , are still inspired the same mistrust .
And the people who were very reliable about 20 years are still pretty reliable : judges , nurses .
The rest of us are in the middle , and by the way , the average citizen of the street is almost exactly halfway through .
But is this evidence enough evidence ?
What the opinion polls is , of course , opinions .
What else can you register ?
What you look at is generic attitudes that people consciously have when they 're asking themselves questions .
Do trust politicians ? Trust at teachers ?
Now , if someone asked you , `` Are you going to go back to the <unk> ?
Do you think about fishermen ?
Do you think about elementary teachers ? ''
You probably would say , `` To ask what ? ''
And that would be a very sane response .
And you could say , when you 've answered your question , `` Well , I trust you in some of them , but in others . ''
Which is very rational .
Ultimately , in real life , we tend to deposit the confidence in a distinct way .
We do n't assume that the level of trust that we 're going to feel for a certain kind of official , official or type of person , is going to be uniform in all cases .
I could , for example , to say I trust a certain elementary teacher that I know to give you the kind of reading teacher , but no way to drive the school <unk> .
After all , I could know that it was n't a good driver .
I could trust my friend more talkative to keep a conversation , but not , maybe , to keep a secret .
Simple .
And if we 've got those evidence in our everyday lives in the way that trust is distinct , why we leave the side all that knowledge when we think about confidence in the more abstract form ?
I think surveys are very bad tools to measure the real trust level , because they 're trying to make an inherent trial to actually trust something or someone .
Second , what about the goal ?
The goal is to have more trust .
Frankly , I think it 's a stupid goal .
It 's not the goal I 'm going to do .
I would get more confident in what it is to trust you , but not what it is not .
Ultimately , I 'm keen to do not trust what is not reliable .
And I think that those people who are working their savings with very rightly named Mr. Madoff , who then disappeared with them , I think about them , and I think , well , they were too confident .
Having more trust is not an intelligent goal in this life .
Antonio sitting or denied with intelligence , that 's the right target .
Once you say it , it says , yes , it 's worth what it matters in the first place is not trust , but trustworthiness .
What it 's about is doing a judgment of how good people are in certain ways .
And I think , in order to make a trial , we 're forced to focus on three things .
Are they ? Are you honest ? Are you responsible ?
And if we find that a person is competent in the subjects , and it 's responsible and honest , then we 'll have a very good reason to trust it , because it 's going to be worthy of trust .
But if , on the contrary , they 're not responsible , we could n't trust them .
I have friends who are competent and honest , but I did n't trust them to take a letter to the mail , because they 're <unk> .
I have friends who are very sure that you can do certain things , but I see you 're going to make your own skills .
And I 'm so happy to say that I think I do n't have a lot of friends that are competent and responsible but extremely <unk> .
If it 's so , I still did n't realize it .
But that 's what we 're looking for : trustworthiness before you trust .
Now , trust is the answer .
trustworthiness is what we have to judge .
And , of course , it 's hard .
In the last few decades , we 've tried to build accountability for all sorts of institutions for all sorts of institutions , professionals , and so on , and so on , that made us easier the task to judge their reliability .
Many of those systems have had the opposite effect .
They do n't work as they should .
I remember once I was talking to a <unk> , and he said , `` Well , you 'll see , the problem is that it takes more time to do the administrative paperwork to attend labor itself . ''
And we find the same problem in all of our public life , and institutional life , that the system of accountability who is destined to secure trustworthiness and evidence of trustworthiness , is actually doing the opposite .
What they do is they have trouble the work of the people who have to do hard tasks , like the midwives , they would argue that `` fake boxes , '' as we say .
I 'm sure all of you know some similar examples .
Everything , all of that , for the target .
I think the goal should be more trustworthiness , and that things would be different if we are trying to be worthy of being worthy of trust and <unk> people that are reliable and if we will stop determining whether other people , officials or politicians , are worthy of trust .
It 's not easy . It 's the judgment , the simple action , the attitudes , do n't do properly .
Third , the task .
<unk> the task to rebuild the trust , puts things upside down .
It suggests that you and I should rebuild trust .
Well , we can do it with ourselves .
We can reconstruct a little bit trustworthiness .
We can do it if it 's two people , together , trying to improve trust .
But trust , ultimately , is distinctive because they give us other people .
You ca n't reconstruct what other people have given you .
You have to give your bases enough that you can trust you .
You have to be worthy of trust .
And that , of course , is because you ca n't trick , usually , all the people , all the time .
But you also have to make sure that you are worthy of trust .
How do we do that ?
That 's done every day , everywhere , the common people do , officials , institutions , very effectively .
I 'll give you a simple example .
The store where I buy my socks is that I can hand them over without giving explanations .
I take them back and get the money back , or they change it for the color of the color that I want .
That 's great . I trust them because they became vulnerable to me .
I think there 's a big lesson on that .
If you become vulnerable to the other hand , that 's a very good proof that you 're worthy of trust , and you have confidence in what you 're saying .
So at the end , I think that what we 're aiming at is not a very difficult thing to figure out .
What people trust is in relationships , and in that framework , they can determine when the other person is worthy of trust .
Thank you .
From the beginning of computers , we 've been working harder to reduce the separation between us and the digital information , the separation between our material world and the world of the screen in which the imagination can be embedded .
This separation has been reducing , more and more , to such a point that today is less than one millimeter , the thickness of the glass display , and the power of computing has become accessible to everyone .
But I wonder , and if there was no barriers ?
I started imagining what it would be .
First of all , I created this tool that steps into the digital space , so that when the strong <unk> against the screen its physical body is its physical body .
Designers can show you their ideas directly in 3D , and surgeons can practice with virtual organs underneath the screen .
So , with this tool , you break the barriers .
But both hands remain still outside the screen .
How do you get inside and interact with digital information using all the dexterity of your hands ?
In the Science Science division of Microsoft , along with my mentor <unk> mentor , <unk> the computer and transformed a little space on the keyboard in a digital field of work .
And I combined a transparent bombsight with cameras to detect the fingers and the face , now you can lift the hands of the keyboard , to get inside of the 3D space , and grab the pixels directly with your hands .
Like the windows and the files have a location in real space , it 's as easy as to grab a book on a shelf .
You can flip through the book and you can highlight lines or words with the virtual tactile sensor that 's below every floating screen .
Architects can stretch or rotate their models directly with their hands .
In these examples , we 're feeding in the digital world .
What if we invest the papers and make digital information come towards us ?
Surely , many of us will have bought and returned to the Internet .
Now that does n't have to worry .
What I have here is a virtual <unk> on the Internet .
This is the vision that you get from a device up in your head or clear when the system understands the geometry of your body .
If we took this idea further , I thought , instead of just seeing pixels in space , how can we make them physical , so that we can touch them and feel them ?
What would a future look like that ?
At the MIT Media Lab , I have my coach Hiroshi Ishii and my <unk> collaborator , created this only physical pixel .
This spherical magnet is behaving as a 3D pixel in space , which means that both the computer as the user can move the object anywhere inside this little three-dimensional space .
<unk> , what we did was crack gravity and control the movement through a combination of cognitively , we 'll get mechanical and detectors .
And when we program the object , we take it out of the constraints of time and space , which means that human movements can <unk> and go back to breed and stay forever in the physical world .
You can teach them physically , and at the distance , and the famous shot of Michael Jordan can be played as a physical reality the times we wanted .
Students can use it as a tool to understand complicated concepts like the movement of planets , the physics , and unlike the monitors or textbooks , this is a real and palpable experience that you can touch and feel . It 's very powerful .
But what 's more fascinating to change the physical part of the computer is to imagine how to program the world is going to change our everyday physical activities .
As you can see , digital data is not only going to show us something , but to start acting directly on us as part of the physical world that surrounds us without us that we have to care about our world .
We started talking about a barrier today talking about a barrier , but if we discount that barrier , the only boundary that is left is our imagination .
Thank you .
I became <unk> for two years in <unk> , China , in the '70s .
When I was in first grade , the government wanted to go to a school for athletes for all expenses paid .
But my tiger mother said , `` No . ''
My parents wanted me to become engineering , like them .
After surviving the Cultural Revolution , they believed that there was only one accurate path to happiness : a safe and paid work .
No matter whether your job would like or not .
But my dream was to be a Chinese opera singer .
This was me , in my imaginary piano .
An opera singer must start <unk> from very young to learn the stunts , so I tried everything I could go to the opera school .
I even wrote to the director of the school and the host of a radio show .
But no adult , I would give you the idea .
No adult took me seriously .
Only my friends were supportive , but they were children , without authority , like me .
So at age 15 , I knew that it was too much greater to train .
My dream will never happen .
I was afraid , for the rest of my life , a second class happiness class was the only thing I could aspire to .
And this was so unfair .
So I decided to look for another calling .
No one to me wanted to teach me ? Okay .
Let 's go to the books .
[ `` Works Works '' by <unk> , aka <unk> .
Those who were banned from China , of course .
`` Good Earth '' is about life Chinese Chinese life .
And it 's not <unk> <unk> . <unk> .
The Bible is interesting , but weird .
That 's a subject for another day .
But the fifth commandment for me was a revelation : `` Tell your father and your mother . ''
`` <unk> , '' I said , `` It 's so different , and much better to obey . ''
So it became my tool to come out of this <unk> trap and to reset the relationship with my parents .
The encounter with a new culture also gave place to my comparative reading habit .
We 've got a lot of perspectives .
So , for example , this map seemed to me out of place , because this is what students in China learn .
I had never occurred to me , that China did n't have to be in the center of the world .
A map involves the perspective of people .
Space reading is not something new .
It 's common practice in the academic world .
There are to research fields like comparative and literature .
Comparing and contrast , it offers academics a deeper understanding of a subject .
And I thought , if comparative reading worked to research , why not do it also in everyday life ?
So I started reading books about two .
They can be about people , `` Benjamin Adams '' ] [ `` John Adams '' ] [ `` John Adams '' ] who were involved in an same event , or friends with shared experiences .
For the Christ , temptation are economic , political and spiritual .
By Buddha , it 's all psychological things : lust , fear and social duty -- interesting .
If you know another language , it 's also fun to read your favorite books in two languages .
[ `` The Road of <unk> Tzu '' Thomas <unk> [ the ] [ unclear ] [ the ] <unk> path Alan <unk> was instead of losing in translation , I found that you can win a lot of it .
For example , it 's through the translation that I realized that `` happiness '' in Chinese literally means `` fast speed . '' Ha !
And `` girlfriend '' in Chinese , literally means `` new mother . '' Uh-oh .
The books opened up a secret door to connect with people from the past and the present .
I know it wo n't be feeling alone or powerless .
Having a broken dream is really nothing compared to what many others have suffered .
I 've come to believe that fulfillment is not the only purpose of a dream .
Their most important purpose is to connect with the place that the dreams come from , where the passion comes from , where the happiness comes from .
Even a broken dream can do that for you .
And because of the books , I 'm here , happy , living again with purpose and clarity , most of the time .
So , the books will always join you .
Thank you .
Thank you .
When I was in my 20s , I saw my first customer psychotherapy .
I was a Ph.D. student in clinical psychology at Berkeley .
She was a <unk> woman named Alex .
Alex entered the first session using jeans and a <unk> Coast , threw on the couch my office and told me that I wanted to talk about his problems with men .
When I heard this , I felt so relieved .
My school partner had a <unk> .
And to me , I had a <unk> that I wanted to talk about men .
I thought I could drive it .
But I did n't .
With the stories that Alex carrying the sessions , it made me easy to just move my head while I 'd come up with the solution .
`` 30s are my new 20s , '' saying Alex , and what I saw , she was right .
You start to work later , you get home after , you have kids later , until the death goes after .
<unk> and I had plenty of time .
But shortly after , my supervisor lobbied me to push Alex that I 'd talk about his life .
I stood up .
I said , `` Sure , it 's coming out with guys under his category , he sits down with a <unk> , but it 's not like it was to marry him . ''
And then my supervisor said , `` No , but maybe they get married with the next .
Also , the best time to work on marriage 's marriage is before they marry . ''
This is what psychologists call an `` Aha ! ''
It was when I realized that the '30s is not the new ones .
Yes , people feel their head after what used to be used , but this did n't make the <unk> of Alex was a pause in their development .
This made the <unk> of Alex were the perfect moment , and we were wasting it .
And then I realized , that this kind of benign recklessness was a real problem and had real consequences , not just for Alex and their loving lives , but for the careers , the families and future <unk> everywhere .
There are 50 million <unk> in America today .
This means 15 percent of the population , or 100 percent , if you think no one comes to adulthood without going before the <unk> .
Hands up if you 're in your <unk> .
I want to see the <unk> .
Oh , yeah ! They 're incredible .
If you work with <unk> , you love a million , you take your dream up a million , I want to see . It 's good . Amazing , the real <unk> .
This is not just my opinion . These are the facts .
We know that 80 percent of the key moments in life will move at the age of 35 .
This means that eight out of every 10 decisions and experiences and moments `` Aha ! '' which give her life will have happened to be when they have 30 and so many .
People of over 40 , not trained in panic .
This audience is going to be okay , I think .
We know that the first 10 years of a race have an exponential impact on how much money they gain .
We know more than half Americans are married , or they 're coming out with their future partner at the age of 30 .
We know that the brain ends up its second and last stage of growth in its <unk> , and it 's been <unk> for adulthood , which means that if there 's something you want to change yourself , now it 's time to change it .
We know that the personality changes more times during its <unk> than at any other time in life , and we know that female fertility gets to the top of the 28 , and things become complicated to the 35 .
<unk> are the time for education on their body and their choices .
When we think about the development of the child , we all know that the first five years is crucial for language and attachment in the brain .
It 's a moment in which its daily and common life has an impact on the person you will become .
But what we do n't hear often is that there 's something called an adult development and our <unk> are a critical moment in adult development .
But this is not what you 're listening to .
The newspapers talk about changes in the line of adulthood .
The researchers call them an extended adolescence .
The reporters gave them ridiculous names like `` <unk> '' and `` <unk> . ''
It 's true .
As a culture , we 've considered a mismatch , which is actually the decade that defines adulthood .
Leonard Bernstein said that to get great things , you need a plan and not enough time .
Is n't it true ?
What do you think happens when you give a 20-year-old a million in your head and say , `` Do you have another 10 years to start your life ? ''
Nothing happens .
They stole that person , the sense of urgency and ambition , and nothing happens .
And then every single day , smart , interesting , interesting things like you or your sons and daughters come to my office and say something like this , `` I know that my boyfriend is not good for me , but this relationship does n't count . I 'm just killing time . ''
Or they say , `` Everyone says that while I start a career before 30 , everything will be right . ''
But then it starts to sound like this : `` My <unk> are <unk> and I still have nothing to show .
I had a better rsum , the day I graduated from college . ''
And then it starts to sound like this : `` My dating during the <unk> were like the chairs game .
And they were all running away , but then at some point around the 30 , the music turned off and all started to sit down .
I did n't want to be the only one who was staying , so I sometimes think I married my husband because he was the nearest chair when he was 30 . ''
Where are the <unk> here ?
Do n't do that .
Well , that sounds kind of extreme , but no mistakes , the risks are very high .
When you leave a lot of things for the '30s , there 's an enormous amount of pressure , and so many of them will start a race , to choose a city , choose a couple , and have two or three children in a long time period more short .
Many of these things are not compatible , and there are research that you start to show , which is much more difficult and stressful to do everything from once to the '30s .
<unk> crisis is not about buying red sports cars .
It 's about realizing you ca n't have the career you want now .
You realize you ca n't have the son you want to do now , or you ca n't give your son to your son .
A lot of <unk> and <unk> look like themselves , and I 'm sitting in the room , and they talk about their <unk> , `` What was I doing ? What was I thinking ? ''
I want to change what you 're doing and thinking .
Here 's a story about how it might be .
It 's a story about a woman named Emma .
By the 25th , Emma came to my office because he was , in his own words , having an identity crisis .
He said that he 'd like to work in art or entertainment , but they still could n't decide , so I spent the last few years working as a <unk> .
As it was cheaper , he lived with a boyfriend that showed more Pat than ambition .
And in spite of living , it was very difficult , their previous life had been even more difficult .
<unk> often in our sessions , but then they were getting herself up by saying , `` You do n't choose your family , but you can choose your friends . ''
Well , one day Emma came up his head on his legs and cried for almost every hour .
I had just bought a new book book for directory , and I 'd spent the entire morning I 'd come up with her many contacts , but then he was sitting there in empty space that goes on after the words `` emergency case , please call ... ''
It was about the hysteria of hysteria when he saw me and said , `` Who 's going to be for me if I have a car accident ?
Who 's going to take care of me if I 'm cancer ? ''
At that time , it took me a lot of work to resist and not say , `` I . ''
What Emma needed was not a <unk> that would actually be worried about .
Emma needed a better life , and I knew this was her opportunity .
I had learned a lot since I worked with Alex as to just sit while the decisive decade of Emma was going on before .
So for the next weeks and months , I told Emma three things that all 20-year-old , man or woman , deserves to know .
First , I told Emma that it would be forgotten about that identity crisis and <unk> capital of identity .
For identity capital , I mean to do something that add value to your person .
Doing something that is an investment in what you want to be after .
I did n't know the future of Emma 's career , and nobody knows the future of work , but I know this : identity capital creates identity capital .
So now it 's time for that work on the other side of the country , from that business , from that company that you want to test .
I 'm not crossing the exploration of it , I 'm crossing the exploration that should not count , which , by the way , is not exploration .
It 's <unk> .
I told Emma that would explore jobs and to make them count .
Second , I told Emma that urban tribes are <unk> .
The best friends are great to take you to the airport , but the <unk> are together with friends with similar minds , just as far as they know , what do you know , how they think , how they talk , and where do they work .
That new piece of capital , that new person who will come out almost always come from their closest circle .
The new things come from what they 're called a weak bond friends of their friends .
Yes , half of you have a bad job or do n't have a job .
But the other half no , and the weak bonds are the way we put them into this group .
Half of the works has never been released , then , meet the head of your neighbor is the way you get a job not published .
It 's not cheating . It 's the science of how the information goes .
But not least , Emma believed that you do n't choose your family , but I know your friends .
This was true when I was growing up , but like <unk> , Emma soon <unk> to her family , when he has a partner and form their own family .
I told Emma that the time to choose her family had come .
Maybe you think that 30 is better age to sit at the time that the 20 or even 25 , I agree with you .
But to choose the person that you live on now , or I 'm going to be diagnosed now when all of Facebook on Facebook start to walk towards the altar of the altar is not progress .
The best time to work in your marriage is before you have , and that means being so intentional in love as you are at work .
<unk> your family must be a conscious choice of who and what you want instead of just making it work or killing time with whoever you choose to .
So what happened with Emma ?
Well , we looked at that phone board , and she found the roommate of a cousin who worked in an art museum in another state .
This weak bond helped him get a job there .
That job supply gave him a reason to leave the boyfriend with the boyfriend I lived .
Now , five years later , it 's a special joint of events in museums .
She 's married to a man who chose consciously .
Love her new career , loves her new family , and sent me a letter that said , `` Now the emergency contact spaces are not big enough . ''
Emma 's story may sound easy , but that 's what I love about working with <unk> .
It 's very easy to help them .
<unk> are like airplanes coming out of the Los Angeles airport , which go out somewhere in the West .
Right before the launch , a slight ray in its trajectory makes the difference between landing in Alaska or Fiji .
In the same way , at the age of 21 , the 25 , and even 29 , a good conversation , a good break , a good TED Talk can have huge effects over the next few years or even in the next generations .
Here 's my idea worth spreading to all the things you know .
It 's as simple as what I learned to tell Alex .
It 's what I now have the privilege of telling <unk> as Emma every day : The <unk> are not the new <unk> , <unk> their old age , make capital of identity , use their weak bond , choose your family .
Do n't let you define what they did n't know or what they did n't do .
They 're making their life today .
Thank you .
When I was 27 years old , I left a very tough job in management consulting for a job that was even more picky : the teachers .
I went to teach them math to seventh student in New York City schools .
And as any professor , I applied tests and testing .
I gave them tasks .
When the job came back , I lay up grades .
What I called my attention was that I.Q . was not the only difference between my best and my worst students .
Some of those who had a better performance did n't have I.Q . scores .
Some of my smartest kids were n't going so good .
And that got me thinking .
The kind of things you need to learn in math in seventh grade in seventh grade , are very difficult : proportions , the area of a parallelogram .
But these concepts are n't really impossible , and I was very convinced that every one of my students could learn the lesson if they were working hard and during enough time .
After several years , I came to the conclusion that what we need in education is a better understanding of students and learning from a motivational perspective , from a psychological perspective .
In education , the only thing we know how to measure .
It 's the <unk> , but what if we succeed in school and life depends on much more than the ability to learn in a rapid and easy way ?
So I left the classrooms and went to college to become a psychologist .
I started studying kids and adults in all sorts of challenging scenarios , and in every study my question was , who is successful here and why ?
My research team and I went to the military Academy West Point .
We 're trying to predict what <unk> <unk> in military training and who are <unk> .
We went to the National <unk> National <unk> , and we tried to predict what children are far away in the competition .
We studied professors amateurs who are really difficult to work in really difficult neighborhoods , what are you going to be teaching for the end of the school year and those who will be the most effective in improving the outcomes of their students ?
We partnered with private companies , asking , which of these salesmen are going to keep their job seat ?
And who is going to make more money ?
In all those very different contexts , one trait arose as a important predictor of success .
And it was n't social intelligence .
It was n't the good appearance , the physical health , and it was not I.Q .
It was determination .
Determination is passion and perseverance to achieve very long-term goals .
determination is to have resistance .
determination is to hold onto your future , day after day , not just a week , not only for the month , but for years and working really hard to make that future reality .
determination is to live life as if it was a marathon , not a sprint .
A few years ago , I started studying determination at the public schools of Chicago .
I asked thousands of high school students to do my questionnaires , and then I waited for about a year to see who <unk> .
It turns out that children with more determination they had significantly higher likely to graduate , even when they matched up in every feature that I could measure , things like family income , the results of the standardized tests , even the security that the kids felt when they were in school .
So it 's not only in West Point or in the National <unk> of <unk> that matters , it 's also in school , especially for children at risk of <unk> .
To me , the most powerful thing about determination is how little we know , how little the science knows about its development .
Every day , parents and teachers ask me , `` How do we develop purpose in children ?
What should I do to teach kids a solid work ?
How do I keep them motivated for the long term ? ''
The most honest answer is : I do n't know . What I know is that talent do n't give them purpose .
Our data shows very clearly that there are many talented individuals who simply do n't continue to go ahead with their commitments .
In fact , in our data , determination commonly is not related or is even related to talent measurements .
So far , the best idea I 've heard about developing determination is something called growth mindset .
This is an idea that was developed at Stanford University by Carol <unk> , and it 's the belief that the ability to learn is not fixed , that it can change with the effort .
Dr. <unk> has shown that when kids read and learn about the brain and how it changes and growing up in response to challenge , they 're much more likely to get them when they fail , because they do n't believe that it 's a permanent condition .
So the growth mindset is a great idea to develop purpose .
But we need more .
And that 's where I 'm going to finish my speech , because that 's where we are .
That 's the work we have ahead .
We need to take our best ideas , our strongest intuitions , and we need to test them .
We need to measure if they 've been successful , and we need to be willing to fail , wrong , to start everything again with the lessons that we learned .
In other words , we need to be certain about making our children be more specific .
Thank you .
<unk> in Taiwan , like the daughter of a <unk> , one of my most <unk> memories is my mother <unk> beauty , the shape and the shape of the Chinese characters .
From that moment , I was given to this incredible language .
But for a foreigner , it seems to be as impenetrable as the Great Wall of China .
In the last few years , I 've been wondering if I can break down this wall , so that whatever whoever it is that I want to understand and appreciate the beauty of this sophisticated language can do it .
I started thinking about how a new and fast method to learn Chinese could be useful .
Since I was five years old , I began to learn how to draw every single character of every character in the right sequence .
I learned new characters every day for the next 15 years .
Because we only have five minutes , it 's better than we do in a faster and simple way .
A Chinese academic <unk> 20,000 characters .
You just need a thousand to understand the basic literacy .
Early on top 200 will allow you to understand 40 percent of the basic literature , enough to read traffic signals , restaurant menus , understanding the basic idea of the Web pages or the newspapers .
Today I 'll start with eight to show you how the method works .
Are you ready ?
You open your mouth as much as possible until it 's square .
They get a mouth .
This is a person who 's going to take a walk .
<unk> .
If the form of fire is a person with arms on both sides , as if they were screaming differently , `` <unk> ! I 'm burning ! '' This symbol actually is originally originally originally from the way it calls it , but I like to believe it 's in the other way . The thing to make it work .
This is a tree .
tree tree tree .
This is a mountain .
The sun .
The moon .
The door symbol looks like a couple of <unk> doors in the old west .
I 'm sweeping to these eight characters .
They 're building blocks so that they create many more characters .
One person .
If you walk back , that 's `` follow . ''
As the ancient adage says , two are company , three are a crowd .
If a person stretch their arms , this person is saying , `` It was this big . ''
The person inside the mouth is caught .
It 's a prisoner , such as <unk> inside the whale .
A tree is a tree . Two trees together , we have a forest .
Three trees together , we also have the forest .
Put a table under the tree , we have the foundation .
Put a mouth on the tree , that 's a `` idiot . '' Easy to remember , because a speaker is pretty an idiot .
Do you remember fire ?
Two fires together , it gets very hot .
Three fires together , that 's a lot of flames .
Put the fire under the two trees , that 's burn .
For us , the sun is the source of prosperity .
Two suns together , thriving .
Three together , those are flashes .
Put the sun and the shining moon together , that 's the brightness .
It also means tomorrow , after one day and one night .
The sun comes out above the horizon . <unk> .
A door . Put a chart inside the door , it 's the deadbolt off the door .
Put a mouth inside the door , ask questions .
<unk> , played 's someone at home ?
This person is coming out hidden from a door , fleeing , <unk> .
On the left , we have a woman .
Two women together , they 're discussing .
Three women together , be careful , is adultery .
So we 've gone through almost 30 characters .
By using this method , the first radical eight will allow you to build 32 .
The next group of eight characters will build another 32 .
So with every small effort , they will be able to learn a couple of a couple of characters , which is the same thing as they learn a Chinese eight-year-old .
So after knowing the characters , we started making sentences .
For example , the mountain and the fire together , we have a mountain of fire . It 's a volcano .
We know that Japan is the land of rising sun .
This is a sun placed with the origin , because Japan is in China .
So , the sun next to us , we created Japan .
One person behind Japan , what do we have ?
A Japanese person .
The character on the left is two mountains stacked over the other .
In ancient China , that meant in exile , because the Chinese <unk> <unk> their political enemies beyond the mountains .
Today , exile has become out of date .
A mouth that tells you where it 's going to be a output .
This is a slide to remind me that I have to stop talking and stepping away from the stage . Thank you .
What I 'd like to be my dad is the films I get to see .
I love to share my favorite films with my children , and when my daughter was four , we saw the magician of Oz together .
The movie dominated his imagination for months .
His favorite character was <unk> , of course .
He gave him a good excuse to use a brilliant dress and he would take a magic wand .
But when you see that film so many times , you get to understand that it 's extraordinary .
We now live and raise our children in a kind of industrial complex programs .
However , the magician of Oz was an event itself .
It did n't start that trend .
The trend is really took up 40 years later on , curiously , another film whose protagonists , a metal kid and a <unk> guy who had a <unk> guy who was watching a girl who 's seen the enemy .
You know what I 'm talking about ? Yes .
There 's a big difference between these two films , there are a couple of big differences between the magician of Oz and all the movies that we see today .
One is that there are very little violence in the magician of Oz .
The monkeys are quite aggressive , like the apple apple .
But I think if the magician of Oz is doing today , the magician would say : Dorothy , you 're the salvation of Oz like the prophecy .
You do n't use magical shoes to <unk> the armies that were used by the evil <unk> .
But that 's not what happens .
Another unique thing about Oz of Oz is that the most heroic , wise characters are women .
I started to notice this when I did watch `` Star Wars '' to my daughter , a few years later , and the situation was different .
At that time , she also had a son .
Just three years old .
He was not invited because it was still too small for that .
But it was the second son , and the level of supervision had come down . And so slid in the room , and he was impressed as a mom , the leg behind the back , and I do n't think he understood what was going on , but <unk> everything .
I wonder what perceived .
Would you be issues of value , perseverance and loyalty ?
Would you feel that Luke get an army to remove government ?
Let 's compare this to the movie of 1939 Oz .
How was Dorothy his movie ?
In doing good <unk> with everyone and being a <unk> .
It 's the kind of world I want my children to grow up to grow , OK , and not a world of men who are fighting , which is where we are .
Why is there so much force of capital F , strength in the movies for our children , and so little on the way of yellow bricks ?
There 's a lot of literature on the impact of male violence films , and they should read it . It 's very good .
I have n't read so much about how kids react to this stimulus .
I know by experience that Princess <unk> does n't give me the right framework that I would have served to navigate the world of adults who are mixed up , and I think at the moment of the first kiss , I was really hoping that the credit , I was really hoping the credit , and it 's the end of the movie , right ?
My search is over , I have girlfriend .
Why are you standing there ?
I do n't know what I should do .
The movies are focused on defeat the villain and get their reward , and they do n't leave time for other relationships or other adventures .
It 's almost like a child , you have to be a dumb animal , and if you 're a girl , you have to use a warrior suit .
There are many exceptions , and I 'm defending the Disney princess to any of you .
But they send a message to kids , even though they , the kids , are not really their target public .
They do a phenomenal job when we teach girls how to defend the patriarchy , but they do n't necessarily show children how to defend the patriarchy .
There is no model for them .
We also have some great women who write new stories for our children , so real and beautiful as <unk> and <unk> , but they do n't stop being movies .
Of course , the most successful issue of all time continues to appear in classic after classic , each of them about the adventures of a child or a man , or two men who are friends , or a man and his son , or her son , or two men who raised a girl .
Until , as many of you are thinking , this year , it finally came out .
I recommend that to all of you .
Do you remember what the criticism said when it came out ?
I ca n't believe that Pixar has made a film of a princess .
It 's very good . Do n't let it stop !
Well , almost none of these films is the test test .
I do n't know if you 've heard about this .
It has n't yet thrown out and it spreads yet , but maybe we 're going to start a movement today .
<unk> <unk> is a comic book artist , and in the mid-'80s , I recorded a conversation that I had had with a friend of the movies that you saw .
And it 's very simple . There 's just three questions you have to ask : In the movie , there 's more of a female character that has lines ?
So , you have to turn the requirement .
These women talk about each other at some point in the movie ?
Their conversations are about something else than the guy that you like ? All right ? Thank you . Thank you very much .
Two women who exist and they talk about things each other .
It happens . I 've seen it , and I do n't very rarely see it in the movie that we know and love .
In fact , this week , I went to see a very good quality , <unk> film .
Right ? <unk> from Oscar , box success , a consensus idea of what is a Hollywood Hollywood movie .
Pretty much , there 's not the test test .
And I do n't think it should be , because a lot of the movie , I do n't know if you 've seen it , a lot of the film happens in a embassy where men and women hide during the hostages crisis .
We have lots of scenes of men who have profound and painful conversations in this hiding position , and it 's the great time for one of the actors to take a look at the door and say , `` You come to bed , honey ? ''
This is Hollywood .
So let 's go into the numbers .
In 2011 , of the 100 films , how many of them do believe they have female protagonists ?
Eleven . Not bad .
It 's not the same percentage as the number of women we 've chosen recently for Congress recently , then it 's okay .
But there 's a bigger number that 's going to disappoint this room .
Last year , The New York Times published a study that the government had done .
This is what he said .
In the United States , one in five women says that it 's been sexually assaulted in his life .
I do n't think it 's the fault of mass entertainment .
I do n't think the films for children have something to do with that .
Nor do I think video videos or pornography are closely linked , but something 's wrong , and when I hear that statistic , one of the things I think is that there 's a lot of sexual <unk> .
Who are those guys ? What are those guys learning ?
What ca n't they learn ?
You 're <unk> the story that the role of a male hero is beat your villain villain , and then you charge the reward , which is a woman who does n't have friends and do n't speak ?
Are we <unk> that story ?
You know , as a father with the privilege of raising a daughter as those of you who are doing the same thing , we find this world and this very alarming statistic , and we want to <unk> them .
We have tools for our disposal like <unk> <unk> , and we hope that that will help , but I have to ask , `` Are you going to ask yourself , do you think , do you think , do you think , do you think , at the same time , active or passively , are we educating our children to keep their own male power ?
I mean , I think the Netflix list is a way to do something really important , and here I mean mainly to the parents .
I think we have to show our children males a new definition of manhood .
The definition of masculinity is changing radically .
You 've read about how the new economy is changing the role of the home and the <unk> .
Everything is changing .
When I asked my daughter what her favorite character of `` Star Wars '' character , you know what he said ?
<unk> .
<unk> <unk> and <unk> .
What do you have in common these two ?
Maybe it 's not just the brilliant dress .
I think they 're experts .
I think these are the two people in those films that know more than anyone , and they love to share their knowledge with other people to help them achieve their potential .
They 're leaders .
I like that kind of stories for my daughter , and I like that kind of stories for my son .
I want more stories like that .
I want less stories to tell my son : Go and fight alone and more stories where it looked like their work is to join a team , maybe a team led by women , helping other people to improve and become better people , like the magician of Oz .
Thank you .
As a child , it was living in Maine , and one of the things I liked most about was to look for sea sacks on the shores of Maine because my parents told me that that would be lucky to me .
But you know , it 's hard to find these shells .
And it 's covered with sand covered , and it 's hard to look at them .
However , over time , I got used to look for them .
I started to see forms and patterns that helped me help me .
This became a passion for finding things , in a love of the past and archaeology .
And finally , when I started studying <unk> , I realized that I saw my own eyes was n't enough .
Because , suddenly , in Egypt , my little beach in Maine had grown up to one of about 1,300 miles long along the Nile .
And my sea farmers had grown up to the size of cities .
This is really what led me to use satellite imagery .
To try and make a map of the past , I knew I had to do differently .
So I want to show you an example of how different we see by using the infrared .
This is an located place in the East Delta of Egypt called <unk> .
And the place , in the naked eye , seems to be brown , but when we use the infrared and we process it using fake color , suddenly the place looks like a brilliant pink .
What you 're seeing is the actual chemical changes of the landscape caused by building materials and the activities of the ancient Egyptians .
I want to share with you how we 've used satellite data to find an ancient city , called <unk> , lost for thousands of years .
<unk> was the capital of the old Egypt for over 400 years in a time period called the Middle Empire about 4,000 years ago .
The place lies in the <unk> , Egypt , and it 's really important because in the Middle Empire , there was this great renaissance of the ancient Egyptian art , architecture and religion .
<unk> have always known that they were located somewhere near the pyramids of the two kings that they built them , shown here in the red circles here , but somewhere inside this huge rock .
This area is enormous , it 's about six per mile per mile .
Before , the Nile was <unk> right next to <unk> , and as it changed over time , moved to this , and covered the entire city .
So how do you find a surface city in a large landscape ?
And I 'll try to find out , I would find the equivalent of looking for a needle in a haystack , with blindfolded and wearing baseball gloves .
So , we use NASA International to make a map of the place , with very subtle changes .
We were able to see where the Nile passed .
But you can see more closely , and it 's even more interesting , this little bit elevated that you see inside the circle here , that we think it could be the location of <unk> .
So we collaborated with the Egyptians who were sampling jobs , and you can see it here .
When I 'm sampling , it 's like the shots of shows in ice , but instead of layers of climate change , we look for layers of human occupation .
Five meters down , underneath is a dense layer of slime , we found a dense layer of pottery .
So this means that in this possible location of <unk> , five meters down , we have a layer of occupation several hundred years to date from the Middle Empire , exactly the same period that we think is <unk> .
We also found her work from <unk> ; he was laughing , quartz and cat -- what shows that there was a jewelry shop .
This might seem that it 's not very much , but when we thought about the most common stones used to the jewelry of the Middle Empire , these are the stones that were used .
So , we have a dense layer of occupation showing up the Middle Empire in this place .
We also have a evidence of an elite jewelry shop that shows that what 's been there , it was a very important city .
We do n't know yet yet yet yet , but it will rise to the place in the near future to localize it .
And even more importantly , we have the resources to train young Egyptians in the use of satellite technology so that they can also make great discoveries .
I want to end with my favorite quote from the Middle Empire of the Middle Empire , it was probably written in <unk> about 4,000 years ago .
And sharing knowledge is the biggest of all <unk> .
There 's nothing like that on Earth .
So , apparently , TED was not founded in 1984 <unk> C .
Do the ideas actually happen in 1984 B.C in a lost city , not for a long time , and found from the top .
It does certainly put sea shells in perspective .
Thank you very much .
Thank you .
I want to invite you to close your eyes .
Imagine standing outside , front of the door of your house .
I want you to pay attention to the color of the door , the material that it 's made of .
Now we 've got a bunch of obese meals in bicycles .
They 're competing in a bicycle car race and they go in direction to their front door .
I need you to look at this really .
They 're <unk> strong , they 're sweating , they 're jumping up a lot .
And they collide against the door of their house .
There are bikes , flying all over the parts , wheels that go on the side of the wheels that end up in <unk> places , <unk> the door threshold .
The lobby , the hallway , or what 's on the other side of the door , and look at the quality of light , the light 's shining on the <unk> of <unk> .
He 's waving with her hand .
From his chair , on a brown horse .
It 's a horse that speaks .
You can feel your blue fur by creating your nose .
You can smell the oats and pass it out of the mouth .
Come to the <unk> on the side and go to your living room .
In the room , and making sure of their imagination , imagine Britney Spears .
He 's with little clothes , dancing on his table in downtown , singing `` <unk> One More Baby . ''
Now follow me to the kitchen .
The ground has been coated with a yellow shell , and from the oven come to you , the Man de <unk> , the <unk> , the <unk> and the Len `` The Wizard of Oz , '' <unk> , <unk> .
Okay . Open your eyes .
I want to tell you about a peculiar contest that takes place every spring in New York .
It 's called the <unk> <unk> of the United States .
I went to cover this event a few years ago as a scientific journalist , waiting , I guess , that this was like the end of a wise <unk> .
There were several men and a few ladies from different ages and different sanitation habits .
They were memorizing hundreds of random numbers , watching them just once .
They would take the names of dozens and dozens of strangers .
We 've got entire poems in just minutes .
They were able to see who could memorize the speed of a deck of cards .
And I was like , `` This is incredible . ''
These people must be phenomena of nature .
And I started talking to some of the competitors .
This is a man named Ed Cook who had come from England , and he has one of the best trained memories .
I said , `` Ed , when you realized you were a wise ? ''
Ed said , `` I 'm not a wise .
Actually , I have an average memory .
Everybody involved in this competition say they have normal memory .
`` We 've been trained to perform these miraculous acts of memory using some ancient techniques , invented 2,500 years ago in Greece , the same techniques that he used Cicero to memorize their speeches , and that the medieval academics used to memorize whole books . ''
And my reaction was , `` Wow . How do I have heard of this before ? ''
We were standing outside of the classroom of competition , and Ed , who 's a wonderful and bright English , even a bit of <unk> , he said , `` Josh , you 're an American journalist .
Do you know Britney Spears ? ''
And I said , `` What ? No , why ?
`` Because I 'd like to show Britney Spears how to memorize the command in a live deck in live TV .
That would prove to the world that anybody can do it . ''
And I said , `` Well , I 'm not Britney Spears , but maybe you can teach me .
I mean , you have to start by something right ? ''
And that was the start of a very strange journey to me .
I ended up spending the bulk of the year , not only training my memory , but also <unk> , trying to understand how it works , why does n't sometimes work and what its potential is .
I met a bunch of really interesting people .
This is a man named <unk> .
He 's <unk> , very likely to the worst memory in the world .
His memory was so bad that he did n't even remember that he had a memory problem ; it 's awesome .
Somebody incredibly tragic , but it was a window that allows us to see what extent our memory makes us who we are .
At the other end of the spectrum , I met this man .
This is Kim <unk> . He was based on the role of Dustin Hoffman in the `` Rain Man . ''
We spent a afternoon in the public library in Salt Lake City , memorizing phone books ; it was synthesized .
And when I come back , I read a number of treaties about the memory of writing something over 2,000 years ago in Latin , in <unk> and then in the Middle Ages .
And I learned a lot of really interesting things .
One of the most interesting things I learned is that there was a time in which this idea of having trained , disciplined memory , was not a thing as rare as you might look at it .
A long time ago , people invest in their memory , to provide their minds .
These techniques have made our modern world , but they 've also changed us .
We have culturally changed , and I would say that they have changed us as well .
As we almost have no need to remember , sometimes we seem to have forgotten how to do it .
One of the last places on our planet where you still find very passionate people from this idea of trained , disciplined memory is this particular competition of memory .
It 's actually not so unique ; there 's competitions like this all around the world .
I was fascinated , I wanted to know how these people do .
A few years ago , a team of researchers at University College in London invited a memory group , to the lab .
They wanted to know , will it have brains in some way , structural , different <unk> of the rest of us ?
The answer was , no .
Are they smarter than the rest ?
They gave them a cognitive test battery , and the answer was actually not .
And there was still a really interesting and meaningful difference between the brains of memory and the subjects of control that you compared to them .
When they put them in an MRI MRI machine , they would promote their brains as they <unk> numbers , faces and snowflakes of snowflakes , they found that in memory champion are <unk> parts of the brain , different from others .
They actually used , or they seemed to use , a part of the brain that involves spatial memory and navigation .
Why ? Is there something that we can learn from this ?
The tournament in competitive memorizing is driven by an armed career where each year comes someone with a new way of remembering more things , faster , and then the rest of the competitors have to get up .
This is my friend Ben <unk> , three times of memory champion .
At their desk , in front of him , there are 36 <unk> of pretty messy cards that he is about to try to memorize in an hour , using a technique that he invented and just he dominates it .
He used a similar technique to memorize the precise order of <unk> binary figures .
Yeah . Yes .
And while there 's a lot of ways to remember things in these competitions , absolutely all the techniques at the end are reduced to one concept that psychologists call `` coding <unk> . ''
It illustrates with a elegant paradox known as the paradox `` <unk> . ''
That 's his last name .
And then I 'm asking you , `` Remember , there 's a <unk> . ''
And when I go back later , and I ask you , `` Remember that word I told you about a while ? ''
`` Remember what was it ? ''
The person who said to him is that his name is Baker is unlikely to remember the same word as the person who said that their work was `` <unk> . ''
The same word , different capacity to memory -- that 's weird .
What happens here ?
Well , the name Baker , it really does n't mean anything for you .
It 's all the other memories that dance through their head .
But the word `` <unk> '' -- we know the bakers .
They wear white hats .
They have flour .
They 're doing well when they come back home to work .
You probably know some baker .
And when you put that word for the first time , we started to put <unk> <unk> for <unk> , somewhere else afterwards .
One of the most elaborate techniques to do this data dates back 2,500 years ago in ancient Greece .
It 's known as the `` palace . ''
The story says this : There was a poet named <unk> who attended a potluck .
He had hired him as entertainment , because before , if he wanted to give a very good party , it was n't brought to a DJ , to hire a poet .
He stood up , he had his head of memory , and he left , and so soon it was , the classroom on the potluck was collapsed .
<unk> everybody .
But it did n't just kill everyone , but it shattered the bodies , and it shattered .
No one could say who was there , no one could remember where they were sitting there .
So , you could n't steal the bodies .
A tragedy behind the other .
<unk> , standing outside , only survivor , in the middle of the rubble , closed the eyes and realized that with his eyes , he could see where he 'd been sitting every guest .
I took the relatives of the hand , where they were their loved ones in the rubble .
What the <unk> noticed at that moment is something that we all know about or less intuitively , and it 's that no matter whether we 're not good at remembering names or phone numbers or instructions for word for the word of our colleagues , we have visual memory and spatial memory .
If you 're going to give you the first 10 words of the story that I just told you about <unk> , you 're very likely to find it very difficult to do .
But I would bet that if you told you who I was sitting on the horse looks brown in your lobby , you would be able to <unk> .
The idea of the palazzo is to create this building with the eyes of his mind and <unk> of images with the things that you want to remember , the more crazy , funny , funny , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , and <unk> is the image , more memorable being .
This is a advice that comes from over 2,000 years ago , to the first memory treaties , in Latin .
And how does it work ?
Let 's say you 've been invited to the TED stage to give a talk , and you want to do it from memory , in the same way that I would have done a Cicero way if you 've invited him back to <unk> years ago .
What you could do is imagine you 're at the door of your house .
And to come up with some kind of absolutely ridiculous , crazy , haunting image to help you remember that the first thing you want to mention is that completely <unk> competition .
And then you can imagine entering your house , and you can see the <unk> of the <unk> up on Mr . Ed .
And that will remind you that you want to introduce Ed Cook 's friend .
And then you 'd see Britney Spears to remind that funny story that you want to count .
And then you entered the kitchen , and the fourth theme that I would talk would be that strange journey that made it for an entire year , and have some friends to help you to remember it .
So this is like the Roman speakers <unk> their speeches , no word for word , which is going to confuse you , but typical .
In fact , the term `` typical '' comes from the Greek `` <unk> , '' which means `` place . ''
It 's a breath of when people thought about the oratory and in rhetoric with this sort of space terms .
The phrase `` first , '' it would be like the first place in its memory palace .
I saw this was just fascinating , and I got stuck in it .
I went to some of these memory skills and I had the idea of writing something big about this competitive encounter subculture .
But there was a problem .
The problem was that a memory competition is intensely boring .
You know , it 's like seeing a lot of people sitting there taking tests . I mean , that the most exciting thing that happens is when somebody gets stuck in front of them .
I 'm a journalist , and I need to be able to write about something .
I know there are amazing things going on in the minds of these people , but I do n't have access .
I realized that if I was going to tell this story , I needed to try to put myself in your place .
So I started spending 15 or 20 minutes every morning , before I sit down to see the New York Times , just trying to remember something .
Maybe a poem , or the names of an ancient school yearbook , bought in a market of <unk> .
And I found that this was entertaining .
I would never have hoped that it was .
It was fun , because it was n't just to train the memory .
What it 's actually about doing is getting better and more the ability to create and imagine these ridiculous images , cartoons , <unk> , <unk> , preposterous and hopefully <unk> , in the eye of the mind .
I was really hooked on this .
This is me , using my standard training team for memory competition .
It 's a couple of <unk> and <unk> glasses leaving just two <unk> , because distraction is the worst enemy of a memory competitor .
And I ended up coming back to the exact same competition that had covered a year before . I had the idea that I could enter , in a kind of a participatory breakdown .
I thought this could serve a good epilogue for my whole research .
The problem was that the experiment went out of control .
And I won the competition , something that did n't have to happen .
Of course it 's nice to be able to memorize speeches , and phone numbers , and shopping lists , but actually this is not the point .
These are just the tricks .
Because they are based on very basic principles of how the brain works .
And you do n't need to put them into the <unk> of memory or <unk> <unk> , and to benefit with some insights about how their mind works .
We often talk about people with a great memory as if it was an innate gift , but it 's not the case .
Big memories get educated .
The most basic level , we remember when we pay attention .
We 're looking at it when we focus deeply .
The palazzo of memory -- these memory techniques , are just shortcuts .
In fact , they 're not even shortcuts .
They work because they make us <unk> .
We 're going to take a kind of deep processing , a kind of complete attention that most of it is n't going to stand out there .
But the reality is that there are no shortcuts .
That 's how things are made .
And if there 's something I want to leave you with today , that 's what <unk> , the <unk> I could n't even remember that I had a memory problem , I left me , which is the notion that life is the sum of our memories .
How much are we willing to lose what 's already our short existence on our Blackberries or iPhone , not paying attention to being human in front of us , who is walking around our side . We 're going to be so smart that we do n't even bother processing deep ?
I learned firsthand that there are incredible memory capabilities in all of us .
But if you want to live a memorable life , you have to be the kind of person who remembers remember .
Thank you .
I 'm going to talk to you today about the last 30 years of the history of architecture .
It 's a lot to cover in 18 minutes .
It 's a complex issue , so we 'll just take a complex place : New Jersey .
Because it 's about 30 years ago , I 'm from backdrop , I was six years old and I was living there at home of my parents in a village named <unk> , and this was my kid .
In the corner , from my bedroom , I was the bathroom she shared with my sister .
And between my bedroom and the bathroom , there was a balcony that gave the living room .
And there everybody passed the time on TV . So every time I was going to my room to the bathroom , everybody looked at me , and every time I got up and I went back in a towel , everybody looked at me .
And I was like this .
It was awkward , insecure , I hated it .
<unk> that journey , I hated that balcony , hated that room and that house .
That 's architecture .
Okay .
Those feelings , those emotions that I felt , that is the power of architecture , because architecture is not about math , or division of zones , but of those gut connections , emotional connections , that we feel in the places we deal with .
And it 's no wonder we 're feeling like that , because according to the Environmental Protection Agency , Americans spend 90 percent of their time under roof .
I mean , 90 percent of the time we are surrounded by architecture .
That 's a lot .
architecture determines us in ways that we do n't even realize .
That makes us a little naive and very , very predictable .
This means that when I show you a building like this , I know what raises it : `` power '' and `` democracy '' and democracy .
And I know they think about it , because we 're based on a built two thousand years ago by the Greeks .
This is a trick .
It 's a <unk> that architects use to create an emotional connection with the ways we build our buildings .
It 's a predictable emotional connection , and we 've used this trick for a long , long time .
We use it 200 years to build banks .
We used it in the 19th century to build art museum .
And in the U.S. 20th century , we use it to build houses .
Look , these stable , <unk> <unk> , front of the sea , away from the elements .
This is very , very useful , because building things is scary .
It 's expensive , it takes a long time and it 's very complicated .
The people who build them . <unk> and governments are always afraid of innovation , and they prefer to use ways that they know are going to work .
So we find buildings like this .
It 's a nice building .
It 's the <unk> Public Library that was finished in 2004 , in my hometown , and , you know , it has a dome ; it has this round thing , columns , red brick , which leave you out of what 's trying to communicate with this building : children , ownership values , the story .
But it does n't have a lot to do with a library today .
That same year , in 2004 , on the other side of the country , the other library was completed , which looks like this .
It 's in Seattle .
This library shows how we use media in the digital age .
It 's a new kind of public equipment for the city , a place to meet and read and share .
So how is it possible that in the same year , in the same country , two buildings , both so-called libraries , are so completely different ?
And the answer is that architecture works at the beginning of the pendulum .
On one side is innovation , the architects that are constantly providing new technologies , new enterprises , new solutions for everyday life forms .
We 're going to push them and we push them and we push them down so much , that we get completely away from people .
All of black , this gets depressed . You think that we feel very good , but we 're dead inside because we do n't have any other option .
We need to go to the other side and get back to that symbols .
So we do it , and we 're all happy , but we feel like <unk> , so we start to experience again , and we 're going to swing the pendulum back forward , over and over again . So we 've done it over the last 300 years , and of course it 's in the last 30 years .
Well , 30 years ago we came out of the 1970s .
The architects were busy experimenting with called `` <unk> . ''
It 's about concrete .
You can guess .
<unk> small , on scale .
Something really hard .
So we zoom in at the '80s , and we started to incorporate those symbols .
Let 's bring the pendulum again in the other direction .
We take those ways that we know that like and <unk> .
neon typography , and we add pies and use new materials .
They love it .
We do n't give them <unk> .
We took cabinets <unk> , and we turned them into skyscrapers , which can be medieval bags made of glass .
<unk> , they won in both audacity and colorful .
<unk> became columns .
Governments grew up to the size of buildings .
It 's crazy .
But they were the '80s , that was great .
We all spent the time in commercial malls , we moved into the neighborhoods , and there , in the suburbs , we could create our own architectural fantasies .
These fantasies could be to the Mediterranean , the French , or the Italian .
They may probably have classic bread sticks .
This is what happens to the <unk> .
This is what happens to the symbols .
They 're easy , they 're cheap , because instead of creating new spaces , we recreated memories of other places .
I know very well , and all of you know , this is not the Tuscany .
This is Ohio .
Architects are frustrated , and we start to swing the pendulum again in the other direction .
In the 1980s , in the early '90s , we started experimenting with the so-called <unk> called <unk> .
<unk> the historical symbols ; now we have new <unk> design techniques , and we find ourselves with new compositions , some ways that will be attached to other forms .
This is an academic and <unk> , and it 's <unk> ; you 've got absolutely <unk> .
Normally , the pendulum trick again in the opposite direction .
But then , something amazing happened .
In 1997 , the building was opened .
It 's the Guggenheim of Bilbao , by Frank Gehry .
This building changed fundamentally the relationship of the world with architecture .
Paul <unk> said that Bilbao was one of these rare moments when critical and public and public and general public who were completely agreed on a building .
The New York Times <unk> this silver bullet building .
tourism in Bilbao grew up in a half thousand percent when they finished the building .
So suddenly , everybody wanted one of those buildings : Los Angeles , Seattle , Chicago , New York , Cleveland , <unk> .
Everybody wanted one , and Gehry was everywhere .
He was our first star architect .
But how is it possible that these shapes , wild and wild , how is it possible that they can become ubiquitous around the world ?
And it happened , because the media is all around them and quickly learned that those shapes meant culture and tourism .
We 've created an emotional reaction with these shapes .
The main mayors of the world did .
So everybody believed that if they had these shapes , they had culture and tourism .
This phenomenon in the beginning of the new millennium happened to other architects .
It went to three-and-a-half and Libeskind , and what happened to these very early architects of elite architects in the new millennium , actually began to happen with all architecture . digital media started increasing the speed of information consumption .
Think about , for example , how do we use architecture .
A thousand years ago , you 'd have to have walked to the next town to see a building .
The transportation is speeding up : you can take a ship , an airplane , you can be tourists .
The technology speeds up . You can see in the newspapers , on TV , and at the end , we 're all the photographers of architecture , and the building is transported beyond its physical location .
Architecture is everywhere -- that means that the communications rate has finally reached the speed of architecture .
Because architecture is moving so fast .
It 's not very accurate to think about a building .
It takes a long time to build a building , three or four years old , and at that time , an architect can design two , eight , or 100 buildings , before we knew if the one I designed four years ago was a success or not .
Because there 's never been good feedback in architecture .
That 's how we find buildings like this .
The <unk> was not a two-year-old movement , but 20 years old .
For 20 years , we were building buildings like this because we had no idea how much the <unk> .
That 's never going to happen . I think , because we 're at the largest line of the largest revolution in architecture from the invention of concrete , steel or elevator , and it 's the media revolution .
My theory is that when the pendulum applies to the media , it starts to swing faster and faster , and it 's going to be in both extremes and almost simultaneously , and it 's actually made of the difference between innovation and symbol , between us , architects , and you , the public .
We can now make <unk> symbols , with emotional charge , of something completely new .
I 'll show you how the system works in a project that my company ended up recently .
We were <unk> to replace this building that was caught fire .
This is the center of a village called Fire Island , in the state of New York .
It 's a holiday community .
But that meant that two years before the building was completed , it was already part of the community , and as the drawings looked like the finished product , no surprises .
The building came to be part of the community , that first summer , when people started to come up and share it in social media , the building stopped being only a building , it became a media building , because these are not just images of a building , the images that one made of the building .
And as you use it to tell your story , it becomes part of the personal narrative , and that makes you touch with collective memory , and by going to load these symbols , we learn .
I mean , we do n't need the Greeks to tell us how to think about architecture .
We can tell each other , which is what we think about architecture , because digital media has not only changed the relationship between us , but they 've changed the relationship between us and the buildings .
Think about a second in those <unk> librarians .
If that building was built today , first we 're headed to the Internet to look for `` new libraries . ''
I 'd be bombarded with examples of testing , innovation , about what a library can be .
That 's ammunition .
<unk> that can lead to the mayor of <unk> , people of <unk> , and saying there 's no unique response to what a library is today .
Let 's be part of this .
This abundance of solutions gives the freedom to experiment .
Everything is different now .
Architects are no longer those mysterious creatures that use <unk> words and drawings , and you 're no longer a hapless public who does n't accept anything I have n't seen before .
The architects can listen , and you 're not going to be able to intimidate the architecture .
So that means that the pendulum 's going to come from one way to another , from one movement to another , is irrelevant .
In fact , we can go ahead and find right solutions to the problems facing society .
This is the end of the history of architecture , and it means that the buildings in the morning will be very different from the buildings today .
This means that a public space in the ancient city of <unk> can be unique and adapted to the measure of a modern city .
This means that a stadium in Brooklyn can be that , a stadium in Brooklyn , and not a bad doctorate in red brick based on ideas of what a stadium should be .
That means that some robots will be able to build our buildings , because we will finally be ready for the shapes that they 're going to produce .
That means that the buildings are attributed to the whims of nature , not the opposite .
This means that a parking garage parking garage in Miami , Florida , can also serve for sports for sports or yoga , or even you can get married there at night .
This means that three architects can dream of swimming in the East River in New York , and raising half a million dollars of community together around that cause , no longer a customer alone .
It means no building is too small for innovation , like this tiny , <unk> pavilion , so bully and <unk> like the animals that are going to be observed .
Because no matter whether it 's a cow or a robot who builds our buildings .
It does n't matter how we build , what matters is what we build .
Architects already know how to make more ecological buildings , smarter and kinder .
We 've been waiting for all of you to .
Finally , we 're no longer on opposite sides .
Find an architect , <unk> and work together to make better buildings , better cities , for a better world , because there 's a lot of play .
The buildings not only reflect our society , but they give it way to the smaller spaces : local libraries , the homes where we take our children , and the bedroom from the bathroom .
Thank you very much .
This is my niece , <unk> .
It just turned a year and he started walking .
And it makes it out of that great , typical <unk> children , as if his body was moving too fast for their legs .
It 's totally beautiful .
And one of the things that we like to do for the moment is to look in the mirror .
She really loves his reflection .
He laughs , and they 're going to give themselves those big and wet kisses .
It 's beautiful .
And apparently , all of his friends do this , and my mom tells me I used to do it . And he made me think , `` When stopped doing this ? ''
How do we suddenly be comfortable with our appearance ?
Because , apparently , we do n't like it .
Every month , 10,000 people are looking at Google , `` Am I ugly ? ''
This is <unk> , it 's 13 years old and lives in Denver .
And as any teenager , you just want to be loved and fit in .
It 's a Sunday night .
He 's preparing for the next week in school .
It 's a little bit of fear , it 's a little bit confused because , even though his mom tells him all the time she is so beautiful , every day in school , someone tells him it 's ugly .
Between what your mom says and what his friends , or school partners , they say , does n't know who believe .
So he does a video of herself , he publishes it on YouTube , and he asks for others to leave a comment : `` Am I beautiful or I 'm ugly ? ''
Well , so far , <unk> has received more than 13,000 comments .
Some of these are so unpleasant that it does n't even deserve worthwhile to think about them .
We talk about a healthy , normal , current teenager , who receive these answers in one of their most emotionally vulnerable life .
Thousands of people are posting videos like this , in his most majority teenage girls trying to communicate this way .
But what 's actually driving it to do this ?
Well , adolescents today are almost never alone .
They 're under pressure of being online and available all the time , talking , <unk> , saying , `` I like , '' saying , you know , sharing , publishing , this is never the end .
Never before we 've been so connected , in a continuous , <unk> way , so young .
As a mother said to me , `` It 's like a party in your room every night . ''
There 's simply no privacy .
And the social pressures that are coming from hand with that are ruthless .
This environment , of being connected , is <unk> to our children , based on the number of `` I love '' and the <unk> types that get .
There is no division between a life online and real life .
It 's really hard to know the differences between what it is true or what it is .
And also , it 's very difficult to know the difference between what is authentic and what is digitally manipulated .
What 's most prominent in someone 's lives in front of what is normal in a daily context ?
And where are they looking for inspiration ?
Well , you can see the kind of images that are covers of the girls ' news .
<unk> size are still <unk> our <unk> .
The <unk> technique is now a routine .
And trends like : # <unk> , # <unk> , # <unk> , # <unk> .
For those of you who <unk> it , <unk> means <unk> .
These trends are associated with women in popular culture today .
It 's not hard to see what young people compare .
But kids are n't immune to this .
Like the superheroes stars , and the <unk> singers .
But what 's the problem with all of this ?
Well , we surely want our children to grow up to be healthy , and they 're all good individuals .
But in a culture obsessed by the image , we 're teaching our kids to spend more time and effort effort to their appearance , price of all the other aspects of their identity .
Things like their relationships , the development of their physical capabilities , their studies and other aspects start to suffer .
Six out of 10 girls prefer not to do something because they think they do n't look pretty enough .
These are not trivial activities .
They are fundamental activities for their growth as human beings , and as a taxpayer to society and the field of work development .
31 percent , almost one of three teenagers are not interested in classroom . They will be able to participate in arguments in classroom , because they do n't want to draw attention to their physical appearance .
One in five are not attending lectures at all days when you do n't feel comfortable about it .
And in the exams season , if you do n't think you look good enough , specifically if you do n't think you 're thin enough , you 'll get a lower note to the average of your peers who do n't care about it .
And this phenomenon is widespread in Finland , the United States and China .
And it goes independently of what they actually weigh up these young people .
So to make it clear , we 're talking about how you see you , not how you 're really .
The low self-esteem on your body is <unk> performance .
And it 's also <unk> health .
Kids with low self-esteem do less physical activity , they eat less fruits and vegetables , they participate in more diets , they can not take them to a food disorder .
They have low self-esteem .
They are more easily <unk> by the people around them and are at higher risk of depression .
And we thought , it 's all about this , because of what they make a bit of decisions , like the consumption of alcohol and drug consumption , dramatic diets , aesthetic surgery , sexual activity , <unk> , sexual <unk> and protection and damage .
The search for the perfect body is pushing on the health care system , and our government costs billions of dollars every year .
And we 're not controlling it .
Women who believe they 're overweight again , regardless of whether they have or they do n't have higher rates of date .
17 percent of women do n't present to a job interview in a day where they do n't feel secure as they look .
Think about a moment in what this is doing to our economy .
If we could overcome this , what would that be that opportunity ?
We 've got this potential for each of us .
But how do we do that ?
Well , speaking , by itself , it does n't take you very far .
It 's not enough .
If you really want to change things , you have to do something .
And we 've learned that there are three key shapes : the first one is that we have to instill trust in your own body .
We have to help our teenagers to develop strategies to overcome the pressure of perfect images and build their self-esteem .
The good news is that there are many programs available to do it .
The bad news is that most of these do n't work .
I was very surprised when I learned that many well-meaning programs , without realizing , make the situation get worse .
So , we need to make sure that the program that we follow is not just going to have a positive impact , but also a lasting impact .
And research studies show that the best programs are focused on six key areas . The first is family influence , friends and relationships .
These six aspects are starting to be key points for anyone to provide an education in your body that works .
A education is fundamental , but to deal with this problem requires each of us that take the driver 's seat on the subject and be a better role model for women and girls in our own lives .
It challenging the current status of as women are seen and mentioned in our circles .
It 's not good to be able to count our politicians in slices of hair , or the size of their breasts , or if you have to mean that determination or the success of an Olympic athlete depends in the fact that it 's not a great beauty .
We need to start judge people by what they are , not because they look .
All of us can start doing it by taking responsibility for the kind of images and commentary that we published on our social networks .
We can praise people based on their effort and their actions and not in their appearance .
And let me ask you , `` When was the last time you 're looking in a mirror ? ''
In short , we have to work together as communities , as governments and as companies , to really change our culture , so that our children will grow all their lives , valuing individuality , diversity , diversity , diversity .
We have to put people who are really making a difference on a pedestal .
To make a difference in the real world , let me be the ones that go on the screen , because you just create a different world .
A world where our children are free to become the best version of themselves , where the way they think they 're looking at being seen is never who they are , or to achieve what they want in their lives .
Think of what this can mean for someone in their lives .
Who do you have in mind ?
Your wife ?
Your sister ?
Your daughter ?
Your niece ? A friend ?
It could be simply the woman who 's two miles away . What would it mean for her if it was released from that voice sitting inside his inner voice , that haunts him not have long legs , thighs more thin , a stronger belly , smaller feet ?
What would it mean for her if we were doing this , and would we claim its potential in that way ?
Right now , the obsession of our culture with the images are holding us to everyone .
But let 's bring our kids to the truth .
It turns out that the way you see you is just a part of your identity , and that the truth is that we love people who are and why they do , and because they make us feel .
They delegate the self-esteem in our schools .
Let 's change each one of us , the way we talk about and we compared to other people .
And to work together as a community , from small groups to governments to governments , so that the small <unk> of a year today , they will become agents of secure change agents tomorrow .
Let 's do it .
On five November 1990 , a gentleman named <unk> <unk> entered a hotel in Manhattan and he killed the rabbi called <unk> , the leader of the League Defense <unk> .
<unk> initially was naive , but being in jail for other charges , in the company of others , started planning for a few 12 icons in New York , including tunnels , synagogues and the United Nations headquarters .
Luckily , those plans were beaten by an FBI informant .
Sadly , the 1993 of 1993 in the World Trade Center , it could n't be avoided .
Later , I would be convicted of his involvement in that car bombing .
<unk> <unk> is my father .
I was born in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , in 1983 , being an engineer an Egyptian engineer , with a <unk> American mother , the primary school teacher , between the two made it all possible for me to give me happy childhood .
Only when I was seven years old , our family started to change .
My father taught me a way of Islam , which very few , even most Muslims , come to meet .
For experience I saw that when people take time to interact , it does n't require a lot to want to want the same things in life .
However , in all of religion , in all human group , there is always a tiny fraction of people who are so empowered their convictions who think we have to use all the possible media for everyone to live with them .
A few months before of arrest , he sat with me , and he explained that in the last week weekends , he and some friends , had been going to go to stone training on Long Island to practice .
He told me that I would go with him the next day .
We arrived at <unk> <unk> that , without knowing our group , was under the FBI .
When I touched my father , my father helped me hold the rifle on the shoulder , and he explained to me how to aim for about 30 meters .
That day , with the last bullet that he shot , he gave the little orange light on the target , and to surprise all of us , especially mine , all the goal behind fire .
My uncle turned to the others and in Arabic , he said , `` <unk> <unk> . ''
As a parent , such a child .
And all of us , the comment there was a lot of laughter , but just a few years later , I understood what it was so funny .
They saw in me , the same level of destruction that my father could cause .
Those people later would be convicted of putting a <unk> up with 700 pounds of explosives in the underground parking lot in the World Trade Center , causing an explosion that killed six people and hurt another 1,000 .
I admired those men .
He called it `` <unk> , '' meaning to `` `` <unk> '' .
When I turned 19 , I had moved 20 times . That instability during my childhood was not allowed to make a lot of friendships .
Every time I started to feel comfortable about somebody , it was time to pack and go to another city .
As I was always the new face of the class , I was often a victim of <unk> .
<unk> my identity to avoid being the white , but it will be the new class , quiet and chubby , it was enough ammunition .
So most of the time in the house was reading books , watching TV or playing video games .
For these reasons , I did n't develop social skills , to put it gently up under <unk> , was n't prepared for the real world .
I was raised opera to judge people , based on arbitrary indicators , like their race or their religion .
So how could I open your eyes ?
One of the first experiences that put in the test my thinking was during the presidential elections .
In a <unk> program where I was involved in the National National Convention in Philadelphia .
My group became <unk> in the subject of juvenile violence , as I had been a victim of <unk> almost all my life , was something that I was feeling a lot of passion .
The members of this group came from different backgrounds .
One day , towards the end of the convention , I discovered that one of the kids who had made friendship , was Jewish .
I took a few days to come out of the light , and I realized that there was no animosity between the two .
I had never had a Jewish friend , and frankly , I felt very proud to have been able to beat the barrier that all life had been made to me believe it was <unk> .
Another crucial moment came when I got a summer job in Bush Gardens , an amusement park .
I met people from all sorts of beliefs and cultures , that experience was fundamental to the development of my character .
All life had been taught to be a sin and , by extension , all gay were bad influences .
By chance , I had the opportunity to work with gay actors there , in a show , and I could see that several of them were the hardest and less critical ones that I had seen in life .
Growing up as a child bullied , I developed a sense of empathy towards the suffering of others , but it was not easy for me to treat <unk> people , exactly the way I wish I would be treated .
So I could contrast the stereotypes that had been taught as a child , with the experience of interaction in real life .
I do n't know how that 's being homosexual , but I do know what 's being judged by something beyond my control .
Then the Daily Show .
Every night , Jon Stewart made me intellectually honest with my <unk> , and I helped me see that the race of people , religion or sexual orientation , has nothing to do with character .
In many ways , he became my own cute figure in a moment that I was desperately <unk> .
Occasionally , inspiration can come from the unexpected , and that a Jewish comedian had had a better influence in my life than my own father , extremist , was not in vain .
One day I had a conversation with my mother about how I was changing my thinking , and she told me something to keep in my heart forever , while he 's alive .
She looked at me with someone 's eyes who have suffered enough <unk> and said , `` I 'm tired of hate . ''
At that point , I realized how much negative energy you need to keep all of that hatred inside .
My real name is not <unk> <unk> .
I changed it when my family decided to break the relationship with my father and start a new life .
So why do I decided to go out and put myself in a possible risk ?
Well , it 's simple .
I 've done it because I hope that somebody , one day , who I 'm going to be about to bring to violence , can hear my story and understand that there 's a better way , which even though I 'm drawn to this violent ideology and <unk> , I did n't get to get myself a fan .
On the contrary , I decided to use my experience to fight terrorism and prejudice .
I do this for the victims of terrorism , and by their loved ones , because of the terrible pain and the loss that terrorism has produced in their lives .
Because of terrorism victims to speak , against those meaningless acts , like rejection to my father 's actions .
So with this simplicity I put here as proof that violence is not inherent to any religion or race , that children do n't have to follow the roads of their parents .
I 'm not my father .
Thank you . Thank you . Thank you very much . Thank you very much .
Right now there is a film that 's projected in your mind .
It 's an amazing film .
It 's in 3D , and it 's got <unk> of what you hear and you see right now . But that 's just the beginning .
Your film has smell , taste and texture .
It feels your body , your pain , your hunger , your pleasure .
It 's got emotions , anger and happiness .
It has memories , as moments of your childhood you project in front of your eyes .
And it has constantly a voice superimposed on your conscious thought flow .
The heart of the movie is you who experience everything in straightforward .
This film is your <unk> , the subject of the experience of the mind and the world 's experience .
Consciousness is one of the fundamental truths to be human .
Each of us is conscious .
We all have an internal movie , you , you and you .
There 's nothing that we know more directly .
At least , I know that I have a very consciousness .
I 'm not certain that you are conscious .
Consciousness is also the reason to live .
If we were n't aware , nothing in our lives would make sense or value .
But at the same time is the most mysterious phenomenon of the universe .
Why are we conscious ?
Why do we have these films inside ?
Why are we not just the robots that we 've got to produce results without experiencing the internal movie ?
Right now , nobody knows the answers to those questions .
I suggest that to integrate consciousness into science , you need some radical ideas .
Some people say it 's impossible a science of consciousness .
Science , by nature , is objective .
Consciousness , by nature , is subjective .
So there can never be a science of consciousness .
Because for almost all the 20th century , you 've got that vision .
psychology studied objectively climate behavior , neuroscience was studying the objectively brain , but nobody mentioned consciousness .
Even 30 years ago , when TED started , there were very few scientific jobs about consciousness .
After , 20 years ago , it all started to change .
<unk> like Francis Crick and physicists like Roger Thum said , `` now is the moment for science to raise consciousness . ''
And since then , there was a real explosion , a flourishing of the scientific work about consciousness .
And this work was fantastic . It was great .
But it also has fundamental limitations to the moment .
The center of consciousness in recent years was the search for correlations , correlations between some areas of the brain and some states of consciousness .
We saw some of this guy in the fantastic work that introduced Nancy <unk> a few minutes ago .
We now understand a lot better , for example , the areas of the brain that are related to the conscious experience of seeing faces or feeling pain or feeling happy .
But this is still a correlations in correlations .
It 's not a science of explanations .
We know that these areas of the brain are related to certain kinds of conscious experiences , but we do n't know why .
I 'd like to explain that this kind of work in neuroscience responds some questions that we want to explain consciousness . The questions about what certain areas of the brain do and what it correlate .
But in a sense , those are the easy problems .
I do n't have neuroscientists .
Actually , there 's no easy problem with consciousness .
Well , it does n't address the real mystery of this matter : Why does any physical process in the brain have to be accompanied by consciousness ?
Why is there a subjective internal movie ?
Right now , we ca n't understand it .
And you can say , let 's give you a few years to neuroscience .
It 's going to become another emerging phenomenon like traffic jams , like hurricanes , like life , and we 're going to find explanation .
The typical themes are all emerging behavior cases , how do you operate the traffic jams , how hurricanes work , how they reproduce , they adapt and metabolize , and metabolizing the living organisms . They 're all questions about how it works .
That could be applied to the human brain to explain some behaviors and the functions of the human brain as an emerging phenomenon : how we walk , how we talk about , how do we play chess ; they 're all questions about behavior .
But when it comes to consciousness , the questions about behavioral behavior are among easy problems .
But the hard problem , is the question of why that all behavior is accompanied by a subjective experience ?
And here it is , the standard paradigm of the emergence , the standard paradigm of neuroscience , actually still does n't have a lot to say .
I 'm a heart injury .
I want a scientific theory of the <unk> to work . For a long time , I was beating my head against the wall , looking for a <unk> theory of pure physical terms that would work .
But eventually I came to the conclusion that that did n't work for systematic reasons .
I think we 're going to get ourselves into this point .
We have a chain of wonderful explanations , great . We get used to this ; physics explains chemistry , chemistry explains biology , biology explains part of psychology .
But consciousness does n't seem to fit in this scheme .
On the one hand , it 's a fact that we are conscious .
On the other hand , we do n't know how to seat that idea to our scientific worldview .
I believe that consciousness , right now , is a kind of anomaly , something that we need to integrate our worldview , but we do n't know yet .
With an anomaly like this , you can need radical ideas . I think we need ideas that at first , I think , before we can deal with consciousness in a scientific way .
There are some possibilities for those crazy ideas .
My friend Dan Dennett , who 's here today , has one .
Your crazy idea is that there 's no such problem of consciousness .
The whole idea of the subjective movie of internal movie includes a kind of illusion or confusion .
Actually , what you need to do is to explain the objective functions , the behaviors of the brain , and so you study everything that needs explanation .
Well , more power for him .
That 's the kind of radical idea that we need to explore if we want to have a theory of consciousness that is based on the brain .
At the same time , for me , for many others , that vision is pretty close to simply denying that the observation of consciousness is satisfying .
But I 'm in a different direction .
In the time that you have , I want to explore two crazy ideas that I think can be promising .
The first crazy idea is that consciousness is fundamental .
The physicists sometimes take some aspects of the universe as fundamental bricks : space , time and mass .
<unk> laws that govern govern , like the laws of gravity or quantum mechanics .
These fundamental properties and fundamental properties do n't explain in terms of anything else .
Instead , they look very fundamental , and that 's what the world is built .
Sometimes , the list of the fundamental list is <unk> .
In the 19th century , Maxwell 's discovered that you ca n't explain the electromagnetic phenomena in terms of fundamental concepts , space , time , mass , laws of Newton , and then applied the basic laws of electromagnetism , and applied the electrical charge as a fundamental concept that those laws govern .
I think that 's the situation we find with consciousness .
If you ca n't explain consciousness in terms of fundamental ideas , space , time , mass , load , then for a matter of logic , you need to <unk> the list .
The most natural thing would be to support the consciousness as a fundamental thing , a fundamental brick of nature .
This does n't mean that suddenly it 's not the object of science .
It opens the path to scientifically manage it .
So what we need is to study the fundamental laws that govern consciousness , the laws that connect awareness with other fundamental concepts : space , time , mass , physical processes .
The physicists sometimes say that we want fundamental laws that we can do with it in a <unk> .
The situation of consciousness is something like this .
We want to find fundamental laws that we can find them on a t-shirt .
We still do n't know what laws are , but that 's what we 're looking for .
The second crazy idea is that consciousness can be universal .
Every system can have a degree of consciousness .
This vision is sometimes called <unk> : Pan , for all , `` <unk> '' by mind , every system is conscious , not only humans , dogs , mice , even the microbes from Rob Knight , the elementary particles .
Even a photon has some degree of consciousness .
The idea is not that photons are smart or to think .
It 's not that a photon can be filled with distress when he thinks , `` Oh , I always travel at the speed of light .
I can never slow down and smell the pink . ''
No , not .
But the thought is , perhaps photons can have some element of raw , subjective , a primitive <unk> of consciousness .
This may sound a little crazy for you .
How would someone think something so crazy ?
This is partly coming from the first crazy idea , that consciousness is a fundamental thing .
If it 's fundamental , like space , time and mass , it 's natural to assume that it can also be universal , just like the others .
It 's also worth noticing that even though the idea seems to us <unk> , it 's much less for people of different cultures , where the human mind seems more a continuum to nature .
A deeper reason comes from the idea that perhaps the most simple and powerful way to find fundamental laws that will create the thinking with the physical process , it 's <unk> awareness with information .
Every time there 's information processing , there is awareness .
Digital <unk> , like a human being , a complex consciousness .
Digital information is simple , simple consciousness .
Something really exciting is that in recent years a neuroscientist , <unk> <unk> , took this kind of theory , and I developed it rigorously .
It has a mathematical measure of information integration , which is called <unk> , which measures of information integrated into a system .
And it 's supposed to be <unk> .
So in a human brain , there 's an incredible high degree of information integration , a high degree of <unk> , a lot of consciousness .
In a mouse , there is a half a degree of information integration , just as significant , very important level of consciousness .
But when you get into the worms , microbes , particles , <unk> <unk> .
The level of information integration is less , but it 's not zero either .
In the <unk> theory , there will still be a different level of consciousness .
In fact that a fundamental law of consciousness : high degree of <unk> , high degree of consciousness .
Also , another reason is that the <unk> can help us integrate the consciousness into the physical world .
The physicists and philosophers have often observed that physics is curiously abstract .
It describes the structure of reality using a lot of equations , but we do n't talk about the reality underlying .
As Stephen Hawking explains , `` Where does the equations come from ? ''
From vision , the equations of physics can be used as they are , but you can use to describe the flow of consciousness .
That 's what physicists do basically describe the flow of consciousness .
According to this vision , consciousness is the one that puts fire on the equations .
In that vision , consciousness does n't find out of the physical world as a kind of additive .
It 's right there at the center .
This vision , I think , vision <unk> , has the potential to alter our relationship to nature , and it can have social consequences and ethical consequences .
Some of you can be <unk> .
I used to think that I should n't eat anything that I had an awareness , then I had to be a vegetarian .
If you 're an <unk> and you accept that vision , you 'll get a lot of hunger .
I think this tends to transform your visions , whereas what matters in ethical and moral terms is not so much the fact of consciousness , but its importance and complexity .
It 's also natural to ask for consciousness in other systems , like computers .
What about the artificial intelligence system system in the movie `` <unk> '' ?
Is it conscious ?
According to the vision of the information information , she has a complicated and integrated information processing , so the answer is yes , if it 's conscious .
If this is right , you have a pretty serious ethical problems of the development of smart computers , intelligent computers and the ethics of <unk> .
And finally , you can ask for the consciousness of whole collective collective , the planet .
Canada has its own consciousness ?
Or at a local level , an integrated group , like the audience in a TED Talk , and at this point , we have a TED shared , an internal movie for this entire TED group , different from the movies that 's within each of the parts of one of the parts ?
I do n't know the answer to that question , but I think at least it 's a question you have to take seriously .
So this view is a radical vision , and I do n't know if it 's right .
I 'm actually safer by the first crazy idea , that consciousness is a fundamental thing , which is a fundamental thing that is universal .
Now , vision raises many questions , many challenges , like , how those bits of thinking contribute to the kind of complex consciousness that we know and love .
If we can answer those questions , then I think we 're going on the right path towards a theory of serious consciousness .
If not , well , this is probably the most difficult problem in science and philosophy .
We ca n't wait to solve it overnight .
But I think we 'll finally get it to discover it .
Understanding awareness is the real key , I think , to understand the universe and to understand ourselves .
Maybe we just need the crazy idea .
Thank you .
I grew up in a small rural village in Victoria .
He had a very normal profile , a under an education profile .
I went to school , I was obsessed with my friends , and I was scared with my younger sisters .
Everything was very normal .
And when I was 15 years old , a member of my community came up to my parents because I wanted to <unk> for a community 's prize .
And my parents said , `` Well , that 's very nice , but there 's an obvious problem .
She actually has n't gotten anything . '' And they were right .
I went to school , I had good grades . After school , I had a low profile on my mother 's hair 's hair , and I spent a lot of time looking at the <unk> <unk> , and `` <unk> 's Creek . ''
Yes , I know . What a contradiction .
But they were right .
I did nothing that was extraordinary at all .
Nothing that can be considered as an achievement if we take the disability out of the equation .
Years later , I was in the second part of teaching at a high school in Melbourne , just after about 20 minutes in the 11th class , I had a kid raised her hand and said , `` Hey , when will I give to your speech ? ''
And I said , `` What speech ? ''
Well , I 'd been talking about the law of defamation for a good 20 minutes .
And he said , `` You know , your motivational speech .
When people in wheelchair chairs , they talk about things in school ? ''
`` Usually in the classroom . ''
And it was then when I realized , this child had had experiences with people with disability as objects of inspiration .
And we 're not . And it 's not the fault of the boy , that 's true for many of us .
For us , disability is not our teachers or our doctors or our <unk> .
We 're not real people . We 're there to inspire .
And , in fact , I 'm on this stage that I 'm going to do in this wheelchair , and you probably are waiting for them to inspire them . Right ? Yeah .
Well , ladies and gentlemen , I 'm afraid we would hear dramatically .
I 'm not here for <unk> .
I 'm here to tell you that we were lied to us in relation to disability .
Yes , you have sold the lie that disability is a bad thing , A a capital capital , a capital M .
It 's something bad and living with a disability makes you remarkable .
It 's not something bad and it does n't make you remarkable .
And over the last few years , we 've been able to spread even more this lie through social media .
You may have seen images like this : `` The only disability in life is a bad attitude . ''
Or this one : Your excuse is <unk> .
Or this one : `` Before I leave , <unk> ! ''
These are just a couple of examples , but there 's a lot of them .
You may have seen one , of the girl with no hands drawing with a pencil , held by the mouth .
You may have seen a kid who runs with a <unk> legs , carbon fiber .
And there 's a lot of these images , which are what we call porn inspiration .
And I use the porn term deliberately , because we gave a group of people for the benefit of another group of people .
So in this case , we 're going to bring the disabled for the benefit of people without disabilities .
The purpose of these images is to inspire them , motivate them , so that we can see them and think , `` Well , for very bad , it might be my life , it could be worse .
I could be that person . ''
But what if you 're that person ?
I 've lost the account of the number of times that I 've been tackled by strangers to express that you think I 'm brave or an inspiration , and this will happen to before my work had a public profile .
It was like me getting out in the morning and remember my own name , and this is <unk> .
These images , those images are going to lead to people with disabilities in benefit from people without disabilities .
They 're there so that you can see them and think that things are n't so bad for you , or to put your concerns in perspective .
And life as a disabled person is really difficult .
Let 's make a few things .
But the things that we spend is not the things that you can think of .
They 're not relative to our bodies .
I use the term `` disabled people , '' deliberately because I 'm going to empower the social model of disability , which tells us that we are more disabled because of the society that we live in because of our bodies or diagnostics .
So I 've lived in this body for a long time .
I 'm very pleased with him .
It makes things that I need to do , and I 've learned to get the best out of your capacity as well as you do it , and that 's what happens with kids of those photos as well .
They 're not doing anything outside the common .
They 're just using their bodies to bring the best out of their ability .
So , is it really fair to do in the way we do it , by sharing those images ?
When people say , `` You 're an inspirational source , '' it says it as a compliment .
And I know why it happens .
It 's because of the lie , because you have sold this lie that disability makes us remarkable .
And honestly , it does n't do it .
And I know what you 're thinking .
I 'm here taking inspiration , and you 're going to think , `` Oh God , <unk> , are n't you sometimes inspired by something ? ''
And actually , I know I 'm .
Now I learn from other people with disability at all time .
I do n't learn that I 'm more lucky than them .
Now , I 'm learning that this is a great idea to use a bit of <unk> <unk> , to collect the things that fall to me , I learn the ingenious trick of how to charge the battery of the mobile phone in the chair .
Great .
We learn about the strength and the resilience of others , not against our bodies and our diagnostics , but against a world that 's going on and <unk> us .
I really believe that that lie that you 've been sold about disability is the greatest injustice .
It makes us hard life .
And that quote : `` The only disability in life is a bad attitude , '' the reason that that 's lying is because it 's not true , because of the social model of disability .
A lot of smiles in front of a stretch of stairs has n't ever made it to become a ramp .
Never . <unk> on a television screen wo n't come up with deaf people .
There were also not a lot of people in the middle of a bookstore and nuts a positive attitude to turn all those books to braille .
It 's simply not going to happen .
I want to live in a world where disability is not the exception , but the norm .
I want to live in where a 15-year-old girl sitting in his bedroom `` <unk> the <unk> <unk> '' is not considered to not be seen from anything in a chair .
I want to live in a world where we do n't have so low expectations of the people who are disabilities that are <unk> by getting up of bed and to remember our names in the morning .
I want to live in a world where we value the genuine achievement of people with disabilities , and I want to live in a world where an 11-year-old kid at a high school kid in Melbourne is not a little bit surprised that her new teacher is a wheelchair user .
Disability does n't make us remarkable , but to question what you think you know about how you know about it .
Thank you .
What do you have to look at augmented reality and professional football , with empathy ?
And what is the average speed of a <unk> swallow ?
Unfortunately , I 'm just going to answer one of those questions , so , please , do n't get caught .
When people think about augmented reality , they think about `` Minority Report '' and Tom Cruise <unk> the hands in the air , but augmented reality is not science fiction .
Augmented reality is something that will happen in our days and will happen because we have the tools for it , and people need to know , because augmented reality will change our lives as much as the Internet and mobile phones .
So how do we get to augmented reality ?
The first step , it 's what I 'm wearing : Google Glass .
I 'm sure many of you are familiar with them .
What you may not know is that Google Glass are a device that allows them to see what I see .
It will allow you to experience what it is to be a professional athlete in the field .
Right now , the only way that I 'm in the field is that I try to make it out .
I have to use words .
I have to create a framework that you fill with your imagination .
We can use Google Glass , under a helmet and knowing what 's running through the field of play at 100 miles an hour , the blood hitting your ears .
We can know that it feels like a man 's 110 pounds , and they were trying to <unk> them with everything .
I 've been there and I assure you it 's not nice .
I 'm going to give you some videos to show you what 's going to use Google Glass under the helmet , and give you an idea of that .
Unfortunately , it 's not images of the NFL practices , because the idea of the emerging technology is a submarine up to the surface , but we do what we can .
So let 's look at a video .
Chris <unk> : Come on .
It 's horrible to be <unk> .
Wait a moment . Give it a little bit .
Ready ?
Come on !
Chris <unk> : As you can see , it 's a <unk> of what it is to be <unk> in the football field , from the <unk> perspective .
You may have realized that lack people , the rest of the team .
We have a video of them from the University of Washington .
fieldwork : Mice ! Mice ! Mice !
Blue : eight , eight !
Chris <unk> : This is a little bit more about the feeling of being in the field , but it has nothing to do with the NFL .
The fans want that experience .
The fans want to be in the field , will be their favorite players , and they 've asked me on YouTube and on Twitter , `` You can see from the angle of a field of field .
From a corridor ?
We want to experience that . ''
Once we have that experience with <unk> and Google Glass , how do we get in full , how do we take it to the next level ?
We took it to that level using something called Rift , that surely many you know .
The Rift Act has been described as the most realistic reality device ever created , and it 's not cheap <unk> .
And I 'm going to show you why , with this video .
Man : Oh , oh !
No , no , no ! I do n't want to play ! No !
Oh , my God ! Ah !
CK : That 's the experience of a man on a rollercoaster fearing for his life .
What 's going to be the experience of a fan , when you put a video of Adrian <unk> across the line , throw out of a <unk> with the arm before running and made an <unk> ? What will be the experience of a fan of a fan fan would be a fan of a fan .
When I 'm going to lie on the court , just throw the ball back into the bottom of the network ? Or , you know , let 's run a stick off Wimbledon ?
What will be your experience when it goes down from a mountain to more than 100 miles an hour like an Olympic skier ?
Maybe the sales of diapers for adults .
But this is n't even augmented reality .
It 's just virtual reality , <unk> .
How do you get augmented reality to augmented reality ?
<unk> augmented reality when the coaches , <unk> and owners see the information that people want to see and think , `` How do we use this to improve our teams ?
How do we use it to win games ? ''
Because they always use the technology to win .
They like to win . They give them money .
So , here 's a quick primer on the NFL technology .
In 1965 , the Baltimore implant was put in Baltimore to its <unk> field to play faster .
They won the Super Bowl that year .
Other teams actually decided to animate them .
More people saw the party because it was more exciting , faster .
In 1994 , he put radios on the <unk> of the field and then on the back of the defenses .
They had more viewers because it was faster , more fun .
In <unk> , imagine that you 're a player going back to your group and you see their next move as shown in front of you , in a plastic bombsight that you 're wearing . You do n't have to worry about forgetting a move .
or to memorize the strategy .
They just go out to the field and they react .
And the coaches want it because if they do n't follow their instructions , they lose games , they hate to lose games .
If you lose parties as a coach .
And they do n't want that .
But augmented reality is not just a strategy manual better .
Augmented reality is also a way to collect information and use it in real time to improve your game of play the game .
How would you do ?
Well , a very simple option would be to have a camera in every corner of the stadium having a view of the top of the people who are down .
You also get information sensors and <unk> , something you 're already working on .
And all that information is being sent to your players .
The good teams will know it .
Bad guys will have information overload .
This would take good teams of bad teams .
So , your computer team is going to be as important as your scouts , and data analysis will stop being just to nerds .
It 's also for athletes . Who would have imagined ?
What would it be like in the field ?
Imagine that it 's the field <unk> .
We 'll get the ball and <unk> .
We 'll get to an open receiver . Suddenly , a flashlight on the left of your bombsight , and you 'll tell you that a defense behind you goes to <unk> . Usually , you do n't see it , but the system of <unk> will hold you .
Let 's move to the protection area .
Another flashlight is , you know , there 's an open receiver .
They 'll take the ball off , but you 're going down .
And the ball loses the trajectory .
You do n't know where to land , however , the receiver sees in its bombsight , an area of grass that lights up and can modify the race .
This is coming up , catching the ball , runs and puts it .
The audience are going crazy and fans have followed them .
This is something that will create a massive emotion in the party .
I 'm going to do lots of people see it , because people want to live that experience .
The fans want to be in the field .
They want to be your favorite player .
Augmented reality will be part of the sport because it 's too profitable to not be .
But what I ask you about is , do we want this to be the only use of augmented reality ?
Let 's use it just as bread and circus , like our standard entertainment ?
Because I think we can use it for something else .
I think we can use augmented reality to foster empathy between humans , to show someone what it is , literally , to be in the other person 's place .
We know what this technology is worth of .
It generates billions of revenue a year .
But how much is this technology worth of a professor in the classroom trying to show up how to be your actions from the point of perspective ?
How much is this technology worth of a gay man in Uganda or Russia trying to show the world how to be haunted ?
So how much is it worth about <unk> Hadfield or a Neil refusing trying to inspire a generation of children to think more about space and science instead of <unk> and <unk> ?
Ladies and gentlemen , augmented reality .
The questions we do , the decisions we take and the challenges that we face , they depend on it as usual , of us .
Thank you .
I was recently retired after 23 years of service in the <unk> California <unk> .
Most of those 23 years , I was able to bring the country to the southern end of <unk> County , which includes the Golden Gate Bridge .
The bridge is an iconic structure , known globally by its beautiful views of San Francisco , the Pacific Ocean , and its architectural style .
Unfortunately , it 's also a magnet for suicide , being one of the most used places in the world .
The Golden Gate Bridge was open in 1937 .
Joseph Strauss , engineer who was trying to build the bridge , said that , `` The bridge is pretty much to proof of suicide .
Birds from the bridge from the bridge is not practical and likely . ''
But from its openness , over 1,600 people have jumped to death from that bridge .
Some people believe that travel between the two towers will lead to another dimension , this bridge is idealized as such , such that each of it frees you from all your concerns and pain , and the waters that go down underneath your soul .
But let me tell you that happens when the bridge is used to commit suicide .
After a quarter of four to five seconds , the body strikes the water about 120 miles an hour .
The impact breaks down , some of which <unk> organs .
Most people die in impact .
The ones that do n't , they usually get into the helpless , and then they drown .
I do n't think that those who were going to have this method of suicide will realize the death method to you will face .
This is the wire .
Except about the two towers , there are 32 inches of parallel steel on the bridge .
So here is where most people have taken their life out .
I can tell you for experience that once the person is on that edge , and in their darker time , it 's very hard to bring them back .
I took this picture last year while this young woman talked to an officer looking at his life .
I want to tell you with joy that it was successful that day to bring it back over the railing .
When I started working on the bridge , we had no formal training .
<unk> to channel the way through these calls .
This was not just a bad service for those of us who talked about suicide , but the officers too .
We 've come a long way since then .
Today , veterans <unk> and psychologists train new officers .
This is Jason <unk> .
I met him on July 22 last year when I was getting a call by a possible suicide subject sitting down the center near the center .
<unk> , and when I arrived , I looked to Jason talking to a Bridge from the Golden Gate Bridge .
Jason was only 32 years old , and I 'd flown here from New Jersey .
In fact , I had flown here two times before New Jersey to try to commit suicide from this bridge .
After about an hour , talking to Jason , we asked us if we knew about the history of Pandora 's box .
<unk> the Greek mythology , <unk> created <unk> , and he sent it to the Earth with a box , and he said , `` Never , do n't open that box . ''
Well , one day , curiosity could be more than Pandora , and she opened the box .
From her left pest , sorrows , and all kinds of evils against the man .
The only good thing in the box was hope .
So Jason asked us , `` What if you open the box and there 's no hope ? ''
He stopped a few moments , he leaned on the right , and he was .
This kind of smart , smart boy from New Jersey , had just taken off life .
I talked to the parents of Jason that night , and I guess when I was talking to them , it did n't seem to be ringing right now , because the next day , the rabbi 's rabbi called me to see how he was .
The parents of Jason had been asked .
The collateral damage affects a lot of people .
I ask these questions : What would you do if a member of your family , a friend or someone who was suicidal ?
What would you say ?
What to say ?
In my experience , it 's not just to talk about , but you have to listen .
Listening to understand .
Do n't mean , <unk> , or tell the person you know how it feels , because you probably do n't know .
Just being there , you can be the turning point you need .
If you think someone is suicidal , you 're not afraid of asking yourself and ask the question .
One way to ask you the question is , `` Other people in similar circumstances have thought about ending their life ; have you had these thoughts ? ''
<unk> the person in front can save the life and be the turning point for them .
Other signs to look for : despair , believe that things are terrible , and they 're never going to improve ; they will say , there 's nothing you can do about it , social isolation , and a loss of interest in life .
I came up with this talk just a couple of days ago , and I got an email from a lady and I 'd like to read your letter .
She lost his son on the 19th of January this year , and he wrote this email just a couple of days ago , and he 's with his permission and blessing that I read it .
`` Hello , Kevin . I guess you 're at the TED conference .
It must be a whole experience to be there .
I 'm thinking that I should go up the bridge this weekend .
I just wanted to leave you a note .
I hope you can tell a lot of people and go home talking about it to your friends who tell your friends , etc .
I 'm still quite numb , but noticing more moments of realizing that Mike wo n't go home .
Mike was driving to San Francisco to see the Virgin game with his father on the 19th of January .
It never got there .
I called the police police , and it 's reported as the disappeared , that night .
The next morning , two officers came to my house and reported that Mike 's car was down on the bridge .
One witness I had seen , from the bridge to the <unk> of the day before .
Thank you very much for fighting those who can be temporarily too weak to fight for themselves .
Who has n't been before wrong without suffering a real mental illness ?
It should n't be so easy to end her .
My prayers are with you for your struggle .
The <unk> , the Golden Gate Bridge is supposed to be a passage through our beautiful bay , not a cemetery .
Good luck this week , <unk> . ''
I ca n't imagine the value that she needed to go to the bridge and walk the way his son took that day , and also the courage to go ahead .
I 'd like to introduce you to a man that I mean with hope and value .
On March 11 , 2005 , I replied to a radio call by a possible suicide subject on the sidewalk , near the north tower near the north tower .
I made my bike on the sidewalk and looked at this man , Kevin <unk> , standing on the sidewalk .
When he saw me , he crossed the railing immediately , and stopped in that little tube that goes around the tower .
For the next time and half , I heard like Kevin talked about his depression and despair .
Kevin decided for his account that day to go back to that lane , and give life another opportunity .
When Kevin came , I 'll get it out .
`` This is a new beginning , a new life . ''
But I asked him , `` What did it go back and gave it to hope and life another opportunity ? ''
And you know what he told me ?
He said , `` You heard me .
You stopped , and you 've just heard . ''
Shortly after that incident , I got a letter from the mother of Kevin , and I have that letter with me , and I 'd like to do it .
`` Dear Sir <unk> , nothing erase the 11 of March , and you 're one of the reasons why Kevin is on us .
Honestly , I think Kevin was crying for help .
It 's been diagnosed with a mental illness which has been properly <unk> .
She brought Kevin when he was only six months , completely unconscious of all those traits , but because of God , we now know it .
Kevin is in order .
We give God for you .
<unk> debt with you , <unk> <unk> . ''
And in the end , she writes , `` <unk> . When I visited the General Hospital in San Francisco , that night , you 're going to look like the patient .
`` Well , I had to solve it ! ''
Currently , Kevin is a loving father and active father in society .
It speaks openly about the events of that day and their depression with hope that their story will inspire others .
suicide is not just something that I 've found in work .
It 's personal .
My grandfather killed himself with poison .
That act , even though I finish his own pain , I was a chance to meet him .
This is what suicide does .
For most of the suicide people , or those who consider suicide , you would n't think to hurt someone else .
They just want their own pain to end .
Typically , this is actually achieved by three ways : sleep , drugs or alcohol or death or death .
In my career , I 've answered , and I 've been involved in hundreds of mental illness and calls around the bridge .
Of those incidents I 've been directly involved with , I 've only lost two , but those two are too much .
One was Jason .
The other one was a man who talked to him about an hour .
During that time , I got my hand on three times .
At the end , he looked at me , and he said , `` Kevin , I 'm sorry , but I have to go . ''
And he jumped .
Awful , absolutely awful .
I want to tell you , though , the vast majority of the people that we get to contact with that bridge did not kill themselves .
Also , those few who have jumped out of the bridge and lived , and that you can talk about it , that one and two percent , most of those people have said that the second that they leave the fence were realized they had made a mistake and they wanted to live .
I tell people , the bridge does n't only connect to San Francisco with San Francisco , but also people .
That connection , or bridge that we do , is something that everyone and every one of us must be interested in doing .
Birds can prevent .
There 's help . There 's hope .
Thank you very much .
The world makes you be what you 're not , but in your interior you know what you are , and a question asks you , `` How do you become that ? ''
I have to be something unique in that sense , but I 'm not alone , no one way .
When I became a model that finally I had achieved the dream that I had ever had since .
My outside , finally , was my inner truth , with my inner truth .
For complicated reasons , the ones that I 'm going to refer to later , when I look at this picture , I think , you did n't know , you did it <unk> , you got it , you got .
But last October , I discovered that , barely , I 'm starting .
We 're all taking our families , our religion , our society , our moment in history , even our bodies .
Some of you have the value of free , to get rid of the limitations of skin color or by the beliefs of those around us .
They are people who are always challenging the status quo , which is considered accepted .
In my case , the last nine years , many of my neighbors , many of my friends , my agent , even ignored my story .
I think this puzzle is called .
This is mine .
I signed up as `` Child '' at birth because of the appearance of my genitals .
I remember my five years in the Philippines , in my home , I was always wearing this shirt in my head .
And my mom would ask me , `` Why are you always carrying that shirt in your head ? ''
I said , `` Mom , it 's my hair . I 'm a girl . ''
I knew what I knew then .
Gender has always been considered an unchanging fact , but now we know that , really , is something more complex and mysterious .
Because of my success , I never told me to share my story , not because I thought I 'll be what I 'm bad , but how the world is treating those of us who want to free free .
Every day I appreciate being a woman .
I have mom , Dad and a family who would take me accept as I am .
Many are not so lucky .
There 's a long tradition in Asian culture that celebrates the mystery of the gender .
There 's a Buddhist goddess of compassion .
There 's a Indian goddess , goddess of <unk> .
And when I was eight years old , I was at a party in the Philippines that celebrated these mysteries .
I was in front of the stage , and I remember that this beautiful woman came in before me , and I remember that moment as something like me -- this is the kind of woman I want to be .
And when I was 15 years old , when I still wore a man , I met this woman called <unk> .
It 's the principal of a transgender beauty competition .
That night , she asked me , `` Why have n't you ever been involved in the beauty pageant ? ''
He said to me that if he was to <unk> him over fees and on the boardroom , and that night , I won in a bathroom , I won in my desktop , and I had a third finalist among over 40 candidates .
That moment changed my life .
Suddenly , I was inside the world of beauty 's beauty .
Not a lot of people can say that their first work was Queen of transgender women , but I can .
I also met the homeless goddess , especially when we traveled to the remote provinces of the Philippines .
But more importantly , I met my best friends in that community .
In 2001 , my mom , who had moved to San Francisco , called me and told me that passed my own green card I could go to live to the United States .
I stood up .
I told my mother , `` Mommy , I 'm having fun .
I 'm here with friends , I like to travel and be a beauty queen . ''
But then , two weeks later , he called me and said , `` Do you know that if you 're silent to the U.S. , you can change your name and the gender identity ? ''
It was all I needed to hear .
My mom suggested I was going to put two `` and '' to my name .
She also accompanied me when I was in Thailand at the age of 19 .
It 's curious that in some of the most rural cities in Thailand , do the most sophisticated , sophisticated surgeries .
In the U.S. , it was necessary to get surgery before they changed the name and the gender .
So in 2001 I went to San Francisco , and I remember looking at the driver 's license with the name of <unk> and the `` F F '' female .
It was a great moment .
For some people , their identity document means that they could drive or be able to get a drink , but for me , it was license to live , to feel like that .
Suddenly , my fears became <unk> .
I felt that I could conquer my dream and move to New York , and to be a model .
Many are not so lucky .
I think in this woman of <unk> <unk> <unk> .
A young woman from New York who lived alive was true , but , <unk> , he turned to his life .
For many of my community , that 's the reality that they live .
Our suicide rates are eight times higher than the rest of the population .
Every November , every November , we make a global spike by the <unk> Day of <unk> .
I 'm on this stage , because of a long history of people who are <unk> and stood in front of injustice .
These are Marsha P. Johnson and Sylvia <unk> .
Today , right now , I 'm coming out of the closet .
I ca n't keep living my truth alone and just for me .
I want to do the best to help others live their truth without shame , not fear .
I 'm here , <unk> , so that one day there is no longer than 20 of November .
My deepest truth led me to accept what I am .
Do you do that ?
Thank you very much .
Thank you , thank you , thank you . Kathryn Schulz : <unk> , a quick question .
<unk> <unk> : Yeah . You see , first , to thank with all my blessings .
My support network , my parents , especially to my family , who is very strong .
I remember all the times that I 've been to trans young women , that I searched , and sometimes , when they called me , and told me that their parents could n't embrace it . I took the phone , I would take my mom and say , `` Mommy , can you call this woman ? ''
Sometimes it worked , others do n't . It 's just gender identity , that 's what is at the center of what we are , right ?
I mean , everybody was assigned to be a gender at birth , and what I 'm trying to do is to put on the table the topic that some times it does n't go through the table , and there should be a space that would allow people to do it , and this is a conversation that we should have with parents , with colleagues .
The transgender movement is <unk> compared to the gay movement .
There 's still a lot of work to do .
There should be understanding .
There should be space for curiosity and to ask questions , and I hope that all of you are my allies .
KS : Thank you . Very nice . <unk> : Thank you .
In many patriarchal and tribal societies , the parents are often known for their children , but I 'm one of the few parents who are known for their daughter and I 'm proud of it .
<unk> started his campaign by defending his rights in 2007 , and when his efforts were destroyed in 2011 , by <unk> the National Peace Prize , it became very famous , a very popular girl in her country .
Before that , I was my daughter , but I 'm now her father .
Ladies and gentlemen , if we look at the history of humanity , the story of women is the history of injustice , of inequality , of violence and exploitation .
You see , in the patriarchal societies , right from the beginning , when we 're born a girl , their birth is not celebrating .
It 's not welcome , not by his father , not for her mother .
The neighborhood is , day their <unk> to the mother and nobody 's going to get a parent .
And a mother is overwhelmed by having a little girl .
When you give birth to the first girl , the first child , the first daughter , he gets sad .
When he gives birth to the second daughter , he was shocked , and , with the hope of a son , when he shines his third daughter , he feels guilty as a criminal .
Not only the mother suffers , but the daughter 's newborn , when he grows , he suffers from too .
At the age of five , when I should go to school , it 's left home and the school hears his siblings .
Up until the age of 12 , somehow , it has a good life .
You can have fun .
You can play with your friends on the street , and it can move through the streets like a butterfly .
But when you go into adolescence , when it comes 13 years old , you will prohibit it out of your house without a male dog .
He 's confined to the four walls of their house .
It 's no longer a free person .
It becomes the so-called honor of his father and his brothers and his family , and if he was going to give you the code of that assumption , of course , it could even kill .
And it 's interesting that this assumption of honor , it does n't only affect the life of a girl , it also affects the life of male members of the family .
So this brother , he would promote the joy of his life and the happiness of their sisters in the name of the honor .
And there 's a norm of the patriarchal societies that 's called compliance .
A young girl is supposed to be very quiet , very humble and very <unk> .
It 's the criteria .
The model of a good girl must be <unk> .
It 's supposed to be silent , and it accepts the decisions of your father and your mother and decisions from the elderly , even if you do n't want .
If you marry a man who does n't like or marry an old man , he has to embrace it , because he does n't want to be seen from <unk> .
If you marry very young marry , you have to embrace it .
Otherwise , <unk> <unk> .
And what happens at the end ?
In the words of a poet , `` marry , the <unk> , and then gives birth to more children and daughters . ''
And the irony of the situation is that this mother , he would claim the same lesson to her daughter and the same lesson of honor to her children .
And this vicious cycle continues , and it goes on .
<unk> brothers and sisters , when they were born <unk> , and for the first time , believe me , I do n't like newborns , to be honest , but when I was there and looked at his eyes , believe me , I felt incredibly honored .
And so much before I was born , I thought of her name , and I was fascinated with a feisty legendary freedom of freedom in Afghanistan .
His name was <unk> <unk> , and he called my daughter like this .
But when I looked , all of these were men , and I grabbed my pen , and I had a line of my name , and I wrote , `` <unk> . ''
And when she grew up , when she was four and a half and a half and a half years .
You may be wondering , why should I mention a little girl at a school ?
Yeah , I have to mention .
You can take it for granted in Canada , in the United States , in many developed countries , but in poor countries , in the patriarchal countries , in tribal societies , it 's a great event for the child 's life .
They were in a school , it means recognition of his identity and his name .
One to school means that it 's entered the world of dreams and aspirations where it can explore their potential for their future life .
I have five sisters , and none of them could go to school , and you would be surprised , two weeks earlier , when I was going to go to the Canadian visa , and I was in the relative part of the family , I could n't remember my family 's family 's family .
And the reason was that I had never seen the names of my sisters written in no document .
That was the reason why my daughter 's value .
What my father could not give her sisters and her daughters , I thought I had to change it .
I used to appreciate the intelligence and my daughter 's <unk> .
I 'll be able to sit down with me when my friends came to me .
He encouraged her to go with me to different meetings .
And all of these values , I 've tried to put them into their personality .
And this was n't just for her , just to do it .
I 've been spending all these good values in my school to girls and boys alike .
I used education for the emancipation .
I taught my daughters , taught students , to forget the lesson of compliance .
I taught students to forget the lesson from called <unk> .
<unk> brothers and sisters , fighting for more rights for women , and we fought to have more and more space for women in society .
But we found a new phenomenon .
It was lethal for human rights and , in particular , for women 's rights .
It was called <unk> .
That means a complete denial of women 's participation in all social and economic activities .
Hundreds of schools were lost .
The girls were banned to go to school .
The women were forced to use <unk> and stopped going to the markets .
The musicians were silenced , the <unk> girls and the singers killed .
<unk> million , but few talked , and it was terrifying to have around those people who kill and kill themselves when you talk about their rights .
It 's really frightening .
At the age of 10 , he got up and got up by the right to education .
He wrote a newspaper for the BBC blog , he was offered to herself for the New York Times documentaries , and he talked about every platform she could .
And his voice was the most powerful voice .
They 're <unk> as a <unk> around the world .
And that was the reason why the Taliban could n't tolerate their campaign and October 9 , 2012 , he was shot by <unk> in his head .
It was a day <unk> for my family and me .
The world became a great black hole .
Whereas my daughter was <unk> between life and death , whispered to my wife , `` Should I be blamed for what happened to my daughter , your daughter ? ''
And <unk> said to me , `` Please do n't stand up .
Let 's get the right cause .
<unk> your life in play by the cause of truth , because of the cause of peace , and by the cause of education , and your daughter was inspired by you and joined you .
Both were on the right path and God will protect it .
These short words were very much for me , and I did n't ask questions again .
When I was in the hospital , and I had severe pain and strong headaches , because his facial nerve was cut , I used to see a dark shadow that 's being bent through my wife 's face .
But my daughter never complained .
I used to tell you , `` I 'm fine with my smile , and with the <unk> in my face .
I 'm going to be fine . Please do n't worry . ''
It was a comfort for us , and we got out of it .
He <unk> brothers and sisters , we 've learned from her how to resist the most difficult moments , and I 'm happy to share with you that despite being an icon for women 's rights and women , it 's like any 16-year-old girl .
He cries when he does n't just go .
They fight with his siblings , and I 'm very happy about that .
People ask me , `` What is it special in my mentoring that he made so audacious to <unk> , expressive and <unk> ? ''
I say , do n't ask me what I did .
I did what I did n't do .
I did n't cut its wings , and that 's it .
Thank you very much .
Thank you . Thank you very much . Thank you .
I was <unk> from the brain about 18 years ago , and since that day , the science of the brain has become a personal passion .
I am engineering .
And I want to tell you I 've recently joined the <unk> group , where I 've had a <unk> in my office -- the <unk> of Google <unk> -- but all the work I 'm going to talk about today about brain science , I did before I join Google or outside my work there .
Having said this , there is a stigma when you get into a brain operation .
Do you still be the same as smart or not ?
Would n't it be like that , can you be able to become smart ?
After neurosurgery , I was missing a part of the brain , and I had to live with it .
It was n't the gray matter , but it was the sticky dead part of the center that creates important hormones and neurotransmitters .
And immediately after the operation , I had to decide how much to take , from over a dozen powerful chemicals every day , because if I did nothing , I would die in a few hours .
Every day , for the last 18 years , I 've had to decide about combinations and mix of chemicals , and try to get a break , to follow life .
More than once I 've been saved .
But luckily , I have a soul of <unk> , so I decided I would experience to try and get the doses of it , because there really does n't exist a clear map that says it in <unk> .
I started testing some different mixes , and I was surprised by looking at how small changes in the dose changed my <unk> , my sense of who I was , my way of thinking , my behavior with others .
A particularly impressive case : For a few months , I tried and <unk> chemicals for a man in 20 , and I was surprised to see how I changed my thoughts .
I was always raging , I thought all the time in sex , and I thought I was the smartest person all around the world , and -- -- of course , many times in the past I 've met various guys like this , or maybe some <unk> versions of it .
It turned out as an extreme .
But my big surprise was that I was n't trying to be arrogant .
In fact , I was trying , a little insecure , fixing a problem that I had in front of it , and it just did n't happen that way .
So I could n't handle it .
It changed my doses .
But I think that experience gave me a new appreciation of men and about what they have to go through , and since then I 'm getting better with men .
What I was trying to do , and that adjust those hormones and neurotransmitters and so on , it was reclaim my intelligence after the disease and operation -- my creative thinking , my flow of ideas .
I usually think of it in pictures , and that became my key reference point : how do I get those mental images that I use to create <unk> , my ideas , if you want ? Testing new ideas and recreating situations .
This kind of thoughts is not new .
<unk> like Hume , Descartes and Hobbes , see things like similar .
They thought that images and mental ideas were the same thing .
Now , there are people who challenge this idea , and there are lots of discussions about how the mind works , and for me , it 's simple : for most of us , the mental images are fundamental to <unk> and inventive thinking .
So , after several years , I 'll find the point right , and I have already lots of great mental <unk> , actually , really sophisticated , <unk> , very sophisticated <unk> .
Now , I 'm working on how fast these images are mental images , my mind to the computer screen .
Can you imagine what would happen if a filmmaker was able to use their imagination only to lead to the world that is on the front ?
Or if a musician could extract the music from his head ?
There are incredible possibilities with this , as the way that creative people can get to share the speed of light .
And the truth is , the only difficulty to achieve this is simply to increase the resolution of our brain scanning systems .
Let me show you why I think we 're pretty close to getting this with two recent experiments made by two groups in neuroscience .
Both of them used MRI , MRI image MRI , to represent the brain . Here you can see the brain scan done by <unk> <unk> and his Harvard colleagues .
The column on the left shows the brain scan of a person who looks at an image .
The middle of the middle shows the brain scan of that same individual as I imagined , looking at that same image .
The column on the right is created <unk> the content of the central column on the left . You see that the difference is almost zero .
This is <unk> in many different individuals with many different images , always with a similar outcome .
The difference between seeing an image , and imagine seeing that same picture is almost zero .
Now , let me share another experiment . This is from the lab in Jack <unk> in Berkeley , California .
They managed to turn the brainwaves into usable visual fields .
Let 's put it this way .
In this experiment , it was shown to the people hundreds of hours of YouTube videos while their brains were swollen to create a large pool of feedback from the brain to the video sequences .
And then , I showed you a film with new images , new people , new animals , and while you 're going to get a new scan .
The computer , using it , using the brain information , I 'll show you what it looks like the person was seeing .
On the right you can see the inference of the computer , and on the left , the video that I showed you .
This gave us <unk> .
We 're pretty close to doing that .
We just need to improve resolution .
And now , remember , when you see an image , and when you imagine that same image , you create in the brain the same mapping .
This was done with the major resolution of brain scanning systems available today , and its resolution is a thousand times over the last few years .
Now we need to increase the resolution of a thousand times more to get a deeper look .
How did we do that ?
There are a lot of techniques to do that .
One is opening up the skull and introduce electrodes .
I did n't offer me for that .
Many are proposing new projection techniques for images , even me , with the recent outcome of MRI , first to ask ourselves the following , this technology will be the end of the road ?
The conventional wisdom says that the only way to get greater resolution is with larger magnets , but at this point , the most <unk> magnets only offer small improvements in resolution , not increases by thousands as we need .
I propose this idea : instead of the larger magnets , let 's make better magnets .
We can create much more complex structures with slightly different arrangements , like making an <unk> .
And why does this matter ?
In the last few years , a lot of effort in MRI were to make a really big magnets , right ?
However , most of the recent advances in <unk> of ingenious , bright solutions in coding and <unk> , in the transmitters transmitters and radio frequency receptors in MRI systems .
At the time , instead of a broken magnetic field , use European patterns structured to the FM radio frequencies .
So by combining magnetic patterns with the patterns of the FM radio processing patterns , we can increase the information that you can extract in a single scan .
In addition , we can then divide it into our increasing knowledge of the structure of the brain and the memory to create the increase in the thousands we need .
By using the fMRI , we should be able to measure not just the <unk> blood fluid , but the hormones and <unk> that I mentioned , and maybe even a direct neural activity . This is sleep .
We will be able to put our ideas into a direct way to digital media .
Can you imagine if we could go through language and communicate directly through thinking ?
What would we be able to ?
And how do we learn how to deal with the truths of human thinking without filter ?
You thought the Internet is a big thing .
These are big questions .
It would be irresistible to use it as a tool for amplify these thinking and communication skills .
Certainly this same tool could lead to Alzheimer 's disease and similar diseases .
We have a few options to open up this door .
Any one year , choose a year , will happen in five or 15 years ?
It 's hard to imagine it will take much more .
We have to learn how to take this step together .
Thank you .
I 'm going to talk to you tonight about getting out of the closet , and not in a traditional sense , not just the gay closet .
I think we all have cabinets .
Your closet may be saying to some person for the first time you love or tell someone who 's pregnant , or tell someone who has cancer , or any other difficult conversation that you have gone through life .
The whole closet is a difficult conversation , and even though our issues can vary tremendously , the experience of I have lived in and have come out of that closet .
It 's scary , and we do n't like it , and it must happen .
Many years ago , I was working in the South Side , <unk> <unk> , a restaurant in the city , and I was there , I had to go through several stages of <unk> intensity -- <unk> -- I did n't forget my armpits , to quote the letters of <unk> pointed as a litany .
And I 'm just going to be able to be able to get my pants short pants down , and I 'd get my pants up my head , I 'd ask myself , usually a little kid , `` Hey , are you a girl or girl ? ''
And there was a silent silence at the table .
I took my jaw a little bit more , I would take my coffee with a coffee leaving .
The father <unk> the newspaper and the mother launched a cold look at his son .
But I would n't say anything , and I 'm going to go inside .
And I got to the point that every time I was going to a place where a child was between three and 10 years old , I was ready to fight .
And that 's a terrible feeling .
So I promised myself that next time I would say something .
I would like that hard conversation .
So after a few weeks , it happened again .
`` Are you a boy or a girl ? ''
A family silence , but this time I was ready , and I was about to get in full of the female affairs on the table . I had the quotes of Betty <unk> .
The quotes from Gloria Steinem .
Even a fragment of the `` Vagina Monologues '' that would show .
And then I take a deep breath and down your back and my back , a four-year-old , I had a pink dress , looking at what 's not a challenge for a feminist mourning , just a little girl with a question : `` Are you a girl or girl ? ''
So I took a deep breath back , I was walking around with her , and I said , `` Hey , I know this is something confusing .
I have the short hair like a kid , and I 've seen a kid 's clothing , but I 'm a girl , and you know , just like you like to use a pink dress , and sometimes you like to use a comfortable <unk> .
So , I 'm more of the kind of girl from a comfortable pajamas . ''
And that girl stares at me , paying attention , and he said , `` My favorite pajamas is purple and he 's got a fish .
Can you give me a <unk> , please ? ''
And that was all . `` Oh , you 're a girl .
What about the <unk> I asked ? ''
It was the easiest conversation I ever had ever had .
And why ? Because the girl at the <unk> and I , both , we were honest with one another .
So as many of us , I 've lived in some cabinets in my life , and yes , often my walls used to be an rainbows .
But inside the dark , you ca n't know what color is the color .
You just know how one feels living in a closet .
That 's how my closet is not different from yours or yours or yours .
Sure enough , I 'll give you 100 reasons for what to come out of my closet was more difficult than coming out of your own , but this is the issue : how hard it is not relative .
The hard thing is hard .
Who can tell me that to explain to someone who have declared in rotates banking is more difficult than saying it 's been fooled ?
Who can tell me that this story that I 'm going to tell you is harder than saying to your five-year-old son who will get divorced ?
There 's no more difficult thing , there 's only the hard .
We need to stop classify what 's hard about what 's hard about what 's difficult for another person to make us feel better or worse in relation to our cabinets , and we have to just feel empathy because we all live .
At some point in our lives , we all live in cabinets , and they can make them feel safety , or at least more security than the other side of the door .
But I 'm here to tell you that no matter what your walls are made , a closet is not a place to live .
Thank you . Imagine you 20 years ago .
I , I had a horse tail , a dress and heel shoes .
It was n't militant lesbian to fight for any four year-old boy walking into the coffee .
I was frozen in the fear of fear , and I was sitting in a corner of my dark cupboard , my gay grenade had my gay grenade , and the move only is the most scary thing I ever ever done .
My family , my friends , foreign strangers that I 've spent my entire life trying to do not disappoint you , and now the world was turned around by purpose .
I was burning the pages of a script that we 've all been on for so much time , but if you do n't launch that grenade , I will kill you .
One of my most memorable grenade was in my sister 's wedding .
It was the first time that many of the guests knew that he was gay , and when I was doing my Lady of honor , in my black dress and heels , walked around the tables and finally came to one where my parents were my parents ' friends , people I knew I was doing years old .
And after talking a moment , one of the women shouted , `` I love Nathan Lane ! ''
And the battle of the gay story had started .
`` Did you ever have agreed on Castro ? ''
`` Well , yes , the truth is that we have friends in San Francisco . ''
`` Well , we 've never been there , but we 've heard that it 's fabulous . ''
`` <unk> , do you know me in my <unk> ?
It 's very good , and it 's never talked about having girlfriend . ''
`` <unk> , what 's your favorite TV show ?
Our favorite program ? Will and Grace .
And you know who love it ? Jack .
Jack is our favorite . ''
And then a woman , she puzzling , but I desperately kept his support , to get me to know that I was on my side , finally he said to me , `` Well , sometimes my husband uses pink shirt . ''
And I had an opportunity at that moment , like you have all the Scud launchers .
Surely it could have been easy to indicate where they felt <unk> .
It 's not very difficult to find them and realize the fact that they were <unk> .
And what else can you ask somebody , but do they work ?
If you 're going to be authentic with someone , you have to be prepared for the authentic you get .
That 's how hard conversations continue to be my point .
Ask anyone who I have ever gone out .
But I 'm getting better , and I follow what I like to call the three principles of the <unk> of the <unk> .
Now , please look at this through the gay perspective , but you understand that what 's going to do that is essentially the same thing .
Number one : Be authentic .
They make armor . Be you .
That little girl in the cafe had no armor , but I was ready for the battle .
If you want someone to be genuine , the others should know that we also suffer .
Number two : Be a direct breath . You 're going to get your patches .
If you know that you are gay , you 're going to get them .
If you say their parents that maybe they could be gay , they 'll keep the hope that that could change .
You do n't give them a sense of false hope .
And number three , and more important -- Let the complex complex .
You communicate your truth .
I would never get distracted by that .
And some of you can get wounded for sure , let 's get rid of what they 've done , but they never apologize for what they are .
And yes , maybe some of you will feel disappointed , but that something in them , not in you .
Those are expectations about what you are , but not your own .
That 's the story of them , but not from you .
The only story that matters is that you want to write .
So the next time you find a grenade to a grenade , you have to know that we 've all been there before .
And they may feel very alone , but they 're not .
Thank you , Boulder . Enjoy the evening .
Intelligence , what is that ?
If you look at the story of how intelligence has been seen , a productive example has been the famous quote by <unk> <unk> that `` The question of if a computer might think is as interesting as the question of if a submarine can swim . ''
When <unk> <unk> wrote this , it made it as a critique to the computer pioneers as Alan Turing .
And so a few years ago , I took on a program to try to understand the fundamental physical mechanisms underlying intelligence .
Let 's take a step back .
First of all , let 's start with a mental experiment .
Imagine that you 're from an alien race , which you do n't know about the biology of Earth or the neuroscience of Earth or intelligence and Earth 's intelligence , but you have incredible telescopes , and you can see the Earth , and they have incredibly long lives , so you can see the Earth for millions , even billions of years .
And you see a very strange effect .
Of course , like Earthlings , we know that the reason would be that we 're trying to save ourselves .
We 're trying to avoid an impact .
But if you 're from an alien race that does n't know anything about this , that you do n't have any concept about Earth intelligence , you would be forced to develop a physical theory that would explain how , until a certain moment in time , the asteroids that are <unk> the surface of a undiscovered planet .
And so I claim that this is the same question that understanding the physical nature of intelligence .
So in this program that I conducted several years ago , I studied a variety of issues through science , through various disciplines , that pointed , I think , to a single underlying mechanism of intelligence .
In cosmology , for example , there has been a variety of evidence that our universe seems to be shaped by the development of intelligence , and in particular , for the development of the universal states that <unk> the diversity of possible future .
Finally , in the planning of robotic movement , there have been variety of recent techniques that have been trying to harness the skills of robots to maximize the future freedom of action in order to perform complex tasks .
And so taking all these different issues and put them together , I asked , a few years ago : Is there an underlying mechanism for the intelligence that we can extract from all these different issues ?
Is there just an equation for intelligence ?
And I think the answer is , what you 're seeing is probably the closest equivalent to one E = <unk> for the intelligence that I have seen .
So what you 're seeing here is an affirmation that intelligence is a force , F , that acts in order to maximize the future freedom of action .
It acts to maximize the future freedom of action , or keeping open choices , with a power force , with the diversity of potential accessible , accessible , yes , to an impending future time .
In a nutshell , the intelligence does n't like to stay stuck .
intelligence is trying to maximize the future freedom of action and keep choices .
And so , having in mind this equation is natural to ask : What can you do with this ?
How weird is it ?
Do you have the level of human intelligence ?
Do you have artificial intelligence ?
So I 'm going to show you now a video that I think , show some of the amazing applications of this simple equation .
Narrator : <unk> research in cosmology have suggested that the universes that produce more disorder , or `` entropy , '' during their life should have a tendency to more favorable conditions for the existence of intelligent beings like us .
But what if that cosmological connection is about between entropy and intelligence is a deeper relationship ?
What if intelligent behavior is not only correlated with the production of entropy in the long term , but actually directly from it ?
To find out , we 've developed a software engine called <unk> , designed to maximize the production of entropy in the long term in any system that you find inside .
Surprisingly , <unk> could spend multiple animal trials , playing games of humans , and even making money by trading actions , all that would n't have been asked to do that .
Here are some examples of <unk> in action .
Like a human standing without falling over , here we see balancing balancing automatically by a pole using a cart .
This behavior is remarkable in part because we never gave it to a goal .
He just decided to balance the pole .
This equilibrium skill will have applications for humanoid robotics and robot technologies .
These tools use tools will have applications in intelligent manufacturing and agriculture .
In addition , just like some other animals can cooperate pulling out opposite extremes of a rope at the same time to release the food , here we see that <unk> can perform a version of that task .
This capability of cooperation has some interesting consequences for economic planning and in a variety of other fields .
<unk> is widely applicable in a variety of domains .
For example , here we see successfully playing a game of play against itself , let 's have their potential for play .
So here we see trying to make new connections on a social network where the friends are constantly off and it keeps successfully connected to the network .
This very same ability to <unk> network also has applications in health care , energy and intelligence .
Here we see <unk> organizing the routes of a fleet of ships , finding out successfully and using the Panama Canal to expand globally reaching its scope to the Pacific to the Pacific .
In the same way , <unk> is widely applicable to problems for autonomous defense , logistics and transportation .
Finally , here we see spontaneously discovering and run a strategy of <unk> , <unk> into a simulated suite of actions , successfully increasing assets under their equity .
This risk risk will have huge applications in finance and insurance .
Alex <unk> : What you 've seen is that a variety of brands of intelligent cognitive behaviors such as the use of tools , upright walking upright and social cooperation , all of us derive from one equation , which leads to a system to maximize its future freedom of action .
Now , here 's a deep irony .
So let 's go back at the beginning of the use of the robot , the work `` <unk> '' -- there was always the concept that if we had smart machines , there would be a cyber rebellion .
The machines looked against us .
One of the biggest consequences of this work is that maybe all of these decades , we 've had all the concept of cyber rebellion in the reverse .
It 's not that the machines are getting intelligent and then <unk> and trying to take over the world .
It 's all the opposite , the impulse to take control of all future possible future is a more fundamental principle than intelligence , that general intelligence can actually emerge directly from taking over the control , instead of being upside down .
Another important implication is the pursuit of the target .
I 'm often asked , how do you look for targets to come off from this kind of framework ?
My equivalent to that statement to go through the descendants to help them build artificial intelligences or to help them understand human intelligence , is the following : intelligence has to be seen as a physical process that tries to maximize the future freedom of action and avoid the restrictions in its own future .
Thank you very much .
We are at an inflection point in human history , something between the stars and to lose the planet we call `` home . ''
Although , in the last few years , we 've got a lot of our knowledge of how the Earth changes in the context of the universe .
The Kepler Kepler mission has discovered thousands of possible planets orbiting other stars , which is going to point to the Earth is only one between the billions of planets in our galaxy .
Kepler is a space telescope that measures the faint light intensity of stars when planets go ahead of them , blocking a little bit of that light that comes to us .
The data was discovered by Kepler , showing the sizes of planets in addition to the distance that there is between them and their mother star .
And together , it helps us to understand whether these planets are small and raped as the land planets of our solar system , and also the amount of light they get from their suns .
Instead , this gives clues about whether these planets that we find are habitable or not .
Unfortunately , while we 're finding this treasure trove of worlds , we 're potentially livable , our own planet is <unk> under the weight of humanity .
The year 2014 was the hottest record .
<unk> and sea ice that has been with us for millennia now are disappearing in a matter of decades .
These environmental changes that we have caused a global scale have rapidly surpassed our ability to disrupt its course .
But I 'm not a scientist in the weather , no astronomer .
I study the Goldilocks on the planet influenced by stars , with hope to find places in the universe where we find life beyond our planet .
You could say that I look for alien opportunities in the housing sector .
Now , as someone very interested in finding life in the universe , I can tell you that the more I look for planets like the Earth , more enjoy our own planet .
Each of these new worlds invites a comparison between the newly discovered planet and the planets that we know best about : our solar system .
Let 's take our neighbor , Mars .
Mars is small and <unk> , and despite being a little bit further from the Sun , it can be considered a potentially livable world for the Kepler .
In fact , it 's possible that Mars has been habitable in the past , and in part , it 's why we studied both to Mars .
Our <unk> , as the Curiosity is tracking their surface for clues about the origins of life as we know it .
The satellites that orbit it , like the <unk> mission , they take samples from the atmosphere of Mars , and they try to understand how Mars has been able to lose their <unk> .
And private companies now have not just short space flights , but the possibility of living on Mars .
But even though all these <unk> images remind us to the deserts of our planet , places that are linked in our imagination with the <unk> and <unk> ideas , compared to the Earth , Mars is a pretty terrible place to live .
Let 's take the extension of the <unk> areas of our planet that still have to colonize , places we have to do compared to Mars .
Even in the most dry and highest places of the Earth , the air is fresh and full of oxygen coming through our tropical forests at thousands of miles away .
I 'm worried that this excitement by the colonization of Mars and other planets drift around with a big and sad shadow : the implication and the belief in some of us that Mars would wait for us to save from this uniquely planet that we know that it 's really habitable , the Earth .
So I 'm very much like exploration exploration , I 'm deep disagree with this idea .
There 's a lot of good reasons to go to Mars , but to say that Mars will be there to safeguard humanity is like imagine that the captain of the Titanic will tell us that the party of the Titanic will be later on . Thank you .
But targets for exploration and preservation is not <unk> .
No , they 're actually faces of the same coin : the goal of understanding , preserve and improve life in the future .
The extreme environments present in our world look like alien aliens .
You just find it closer to home .
If we can understand how to create and maintain habitable spaces , in the hostile areas and land areas , maybe we can meet the need to preserve our environment and go beyond that .
Let me leave you with a mental experiment : Fermi paradox .
Many years ago , the physicist Enrico Fermi asked , `` Well , in mind that our universe has been around for a long time , and we hope that there were lots of planets in this universe , we should have found any evidence for extraterrestrial life to now .
Well , where are you ?
Well , a possibility to the paradox of Fermi is that when civilizations become the technologically advanced enough to consider living between stars , they lose the notion of how important the planets are to protect the rise of this development .
It 's <unk> to think that it only colonization ourselves , saving ourselves , but planetary preservation and exploration can work together .
If we actually believe in our ability to bend the environments for the human presence , then we should be able to overcome the <unk> task even easier to preserve the Goldilocks on the Earth .
Thank you .
A few years ago , I 'd come home .
And while I was on the front porch looking in my pockets , I realized I did n't have the keys .
In fact , I could see the window in the dining table , where I had left them .
So fast I tried to open all the other doors and windows , and they were all fine closed .
I thought I 'd call a <unk> , at least had my cell phone , but at midnight , a <unk> could take a long time to get it , and it was cold .
I could n't go back home from my friend of Jeff to happen night , because I had an early flight to Europe to the next morning , and I was hanging out from my passport and my suitcase .
<unk> expensive , but certainly not more expensive than a <unk> at night , so I thought , despite the circumstances , I was standing there .
I 'm a neuroscientist , a career neuroscientist about how the brain works under stress .
It releases cortisol that goes up your heart rate , measure the levels of adrenaline and <unk> the thinking .
And when I got to the turnover counter at the airport , I realized I did n't have my passport .
Well , I had a long time to think about those eight hours without sleep .
And I started to wonder , if there was something that I could do , systems that I could put in its place , which could avoid bad things happen .
Or at least , if you happen , bad things happen , which will be the probability of a total catastrophe .
So I started thinking about it , but until one month later my thoughts do n't .
I was having dinner with my colleague , Danny <unk> , the Nobel Prize , and a little embarrassed I talked about I broke the window , and I had forgotten my passport , and Danny shared with me that I 'd been practicing something called hindsight <unk> .
It 's something that he had learned from the psychologist Gary Klein , who had written about this a few years before , known as the <unk> .
You all know what the <unk> is .
Every time there is a disaster , a team of experts come and tries to figure out what went wrong , right ?
In the <unk> , as Danny explains , you look forward and try to figure out all the things that could go wrong , next , trying to figure out what it can do to prevent the things happen or minimize the damage .
So what I want to talk to you about is some things that we can do in the form of a <unk> .
Some of them are evident , some of them are not that evident .
I 'm going to start with the obvious thing .
In the house , you 'll get a place for things that are easily lost .
This sounds like common sense , and it is , but there 's a lot of science supporting this thesis , based on how our spatial memory works .
There 's a structure in the brain called the hippocampus , which has evolved over thousands of years , to track the location of important things , where it 's good , where the fish are , that places <unk> trees , where tribes live , where tribe are friends and enemies .
The hippocampus is the part of the brain that will be embedded in the <unk> in London .
It 's the part of the brain that allows the squirrels to find their nuts .
And if you wonder if someone really did the experiment , they cut sense of the squirrels and still they could find their nuts .
They do n't use smell , but the hippocampus , that very evolved mechanism of the brain to find things .
But it 's really good for things that do n't move much , not so good for things that move a lot .
This is the reason for losing keys of the car , goggles , passports .
So at home , you 'll put a place for the keys , a hook next to the door , maybe one of the decorative plate .
For your passport , a particular crate .
For his reading goggles , a table in particular .
If you 're going to take a place , and you 're looking at it , your things will always be there when you 're looking for it .
What about travel ?
Take a picture of your credit card photo , driver 's license , passport , <unk> by mail themselves to be in the cloud .
If these things are lost or you steal it , it can enable substitution .
These are some of the most obvious things .
Remember , when you 're under stress , your brain releases cortisol .
<unk> is toxic and <unk> .
So part of the <unk> is to recognize that under stress we will not be at the best time , and you have to put the systems on your site .
And there 's perhaps no more stressful situation than when you face a medical decision .
And at some point , we will all be in that situation , to have to make a very important decision about the future of our medical care or a loved one , to help them with a decision .
And so I want to talk about that .
And I 'm going to talk about a very particular medical condition .
But this would become a <unk> for all making of medical decisions , and in fact , to make financial decisions and social decisions , any kind of decision that you need to take that a rational assessment would benefit from the facts .
So suppose you go to the doctor and the doctor says , `` I 've received the result of the lab and the cholesterol is a little bit high . ''
You all know that high cholesterol is associated with a higher risk of cardiovascular disease , attack your heart , stroke .
So you 're thinking that having high cholesterol is not the best , then the doctor says , `` I 'd like to give you a drug that will help you to reduce your cholesterol , a <unk> . ''
And maybe you 've already heard about <unk> , and you know that it 's one of the most famous drugs in the world today , and you 're probably likely to know people who take them .
So you 're thinking , `` Yes , let 's get the <unk> ! ''
But there 's a question that you should do then , a statistic that you should ask for which most physicians do n't want to talk about , and the pharmaceutical companies even less .
It 's for the <unk> , the number necessary to treat .
And what is this , the <unk> ?
It 's the number of people who have to take a drug or to submit surgery in any medical procedure before they help a person .
And should you think about what kind of statistical statistics is that ?
Number one must be one .
My doctor did n't tell me anything if it was n't to help me .
But actually , medical practice does n't work like this .
And it 's not the fault of the doctor , and if it 's somebody 's fault , it 's about scientists like me .
We have n't understood very well the underlying mechanisms .
But the <unk> estimates that 90 percent of the drugs works only by 30 to 50 percent of the people .
So the number necessary to treat the <unk> <unk> , what do you think it is ?
How many people have to take it before they help a person ?
300 .
This is the research of the <unk> researchers <unk> and Pamela <unk> , <unk> <unk> <unk> .
I myself explored the numbers .
300 people have to take the medication for a year before we avoid a single heart attack , stroke or another clinically adverse event .
Now you might think , `` Well , one probability in 300 of my cholesterol .
Why not , doctor ? <unk> the recipe anyway . ''
But then you should ask for a statistic more , and it 's , `` <unk> of the side effects . '' Right ?
For this particular drug , the side effects occur in five percent of the patients .
And those include terrible things : debilitating muscle , muscle and articulate pain , but now they 're thinking , `` Five percent is not very likely to go to me , still take the medicine . ''
But a moment .
remember that under stress do n't think clearly .
So , think about how you 're doing this over time , so you do n't have to make the chain of reasoning in the act .
300 people are taking the drug , right ? A person has helped , five percent of the 300 have side effects , that 's 15 people .
You have 15 times more likely to get harmed by the drug that will help you the drug .
I 'm not saying they should or not take the <unk> .
I 'm just saying that you must have this conversation with your doctor .
Moral ethic is , it 's part of the informed consent principle .
We have to have access to this kind of information to start the conversation about whether you want to take risks or not .
You 're probably thinking that I 've launched this number in the air for the crash value , but actually this number you need to treat is quite typical .
For the surgery that the most is done in the older men in 50 , prostate women 's prostate , the number needed to treat is 49 .
This is : 49 surgeries for a person who has helped .
And the side effects in that case is produced by 50 percent of the patients .
Those include helpless or erectile dysfunction , urinary incontinence , rectal rectal , fecal incontinence .
And if you 're lucky , and it 's one of that 50 percent of the effects just within you a year or two .
So the idea of <unk> is to think before the questions that you can pose to you that you can make your conversation forward .
You do n't have to make all this in the act .
And they also want to think about quality of life .
Because you have a choice , many times , do you want a shorter life to be free of pain , or a longer life that could have a lot of pain at the end ?
These are the things that they talk about and think about now , with their family and their loved ones .
You can change your opinion in the heat of the moment , but unless you 're trained in this kind of thought .
Remember , our brain releases cortisol , and one of the things that happens at that moment is that they turn off a lot of systems .
There 's an evolutionary reason for this .
Face with a predator with a predator , you do n't need the digestive system , or the libido or the immune system , because if your body is spending metabolism in those things , it does n't react very quickly . You could be lunch for the lions , so none of that matters .
Unfortunately , one of the things that goes through the window during those moments of stress is the rational logical thinking , like Danny <unk> and his colleagues have shown .
So we have to train ourselves to think about the future of these kinds of situations .
I think the important thing here is to recognize that we all are rejects .
We 're all going to fail once .
The idea is to think about the future how those failures might be , to put systems in the place that will help minimize the damage , or to prevent the bad things to happen in the first place .
I slept at the night of snow in Montreal , when I returned from my journey , my contractor installed a <unk> set next to the door , with a key door on the front door , an easy way to remember it .
And I have to admit I still have lots of letters I have n't ordered , and lots of messages I have n't read about .
So I 'm not very organized , but I see the organization as a gradual process , and I 'm doing it .
Thank you very much .
Interpreter : <unk> , `` <unk> '' is my favorite musical symbol .
It means playing softly .
If you 're playing a musical instrument and you see a `` <unk> '' in the score , you need to touch faster .
Two degrees , even more smooth .
Four , <unk> , <unk> .
This is my drawing of a tree of <unk> , and there you see that it does n't matter how many thousands and thousands of the dreaming may have , we would never have a complete silence .
That 's my real definition of silence : a very dark sound .
I 'd like to share a little bit about the story of the American <unk> system , the <unk> , besides a little bit of my own story .
His language of French signs came during the 1800s , and over time , he mixed with local signs , and developed the language that we now know about as <unk> .
So , it has a story about 200 years .
I was born deaf , and I was taught to believe that sound was not a part of my life .
And I thought it was true .
I now realize that it 's not true for nothing .
Sound is a very important part of my life , they 're really in my mind every day .
As a deaf person who lives in a world of sounds , it 's as if I lived in a foreign country , following their rules , customs , behaviors and norms .
So how do I understand sound ?
Well , I see how people behave and respond to sound .
People are like my speakers and amplify the sound .
Now I 'm learning , and I 'm going to define that behavior .
At the same time , I 've learned that I can create sounds , and I 've seen how people respond .
So I 've learned , for example ...
`` Do n't shake the door ! ''
`` Do n't do a lot of noise by eating the potato chips ! ''
`` No <unk> , and when you 're eating , make sure that you could n't scratch them on the dish . ''
All of this is called sound label .
Maybe I think about the sound tag more than the average person does .
I 'm <unk> <unk> .
And I 'm always waiting for the sound of the sound to come next .
From there , this drawing .
<unk> , for deciding .
<unk> , keep going .
<unk> , for announce .
You can see that the <unk> has no notes on the lines .
That 's because the lines already contain sounds through the <unk> , subtle and spots .
In the culture , the movement is equivalent to sound .
This is the signal for `` <unk> '' in the <unk> .
A typical <unk> has five lines .
However , for me , I 'm doing it with my thumb that does n't feel natural .
That 's why I just have four lines in paper .
In 2008 , I had the opportunity to travel to Berlin , Germany , for an art residence there .
Before this time , I 'd worked like <unk> .
During this summer , I visited museums and different galleries , and while I went from one place to another , I realized that there was no visual art there .
At that time , the sound was the trend , and that was actually called me attention .
There was no visual art , everything was hearing .
Now the sound has entered my territory of art .
Are I going to leave me more than art ?
I realized that it does n't have to be like this .
In fact , I know the sound .
I know it so well that it 's not only experienced through your ears .
I can feel it unexpectedly , or I can experience it visually , or even as an idea .
So I decided to reclaim the sound property and <unk> in my artistic practice .
And all I had taught in terms of sound , I decided to leave it and <unk> .
I started to create a new body body .
And when I introduced it to the arts community , I was struck by the amount of support and attention I got .
I realized that sound is like the money , power , control -- social currency .
In the background of my mind , I always felt that the sound was alien , it was a kind of a listener person .
And the sound is so powerful that it could be inspired by me and my artistic work , or I could empower it .
I chose to hold it up .
There 's a massive culture around spoken language .
And just because I do n't use my literal voice to communicate , to the eyes of society , it 's as if it had no voice at all .
So I have to work with people who can support me equally and become my voice .
And that way I 'm able to be relevant in society today .
So in school , at work and institutions , I work with many different performers from <unk> .
And their voice becomes my voice and identity .
They help me be heard .
And their voices have value and weight .
Ironically , by asking for <unk> your voices , I 'm able to keep a sense of value something like taking a loan with a very high interest rate .
If you 're not going to go on with this practice , I feel that I could be able to fit in oblivion and not have any kind of social value .
So with sound like my new artistic medium , <unk> in the world of music .
And I was surprised to see the similarities between music and the <unk> .
For example , a musical note ca n't capture and express fully on paper .
And the same can be said of a concept in <unk> .
The two are very , very highly <unk> , which means subtle changes can affect all the meaning as much as the sounds .
I 'd like to share with you a metaphor metaphor for you to understand better how the <unk> works .
So , imagine a piano .
<unk> divides in many different <unk> parameters .
If it 's mapping a different parameter for every finger while you play the piano , like the facial expression , the movement of the body , the speed , the shape of your hand , and so , as you play the piano , English is a linear language , like you 're going to take one key at the same time .
However , the <unk> is more like a chord , you need the 10 fingers at the same time to express a clear concept or idea in <unk> .
If just a key would change the chord , it would create a completely different meaning .
Same thing happens to pitch music , timbre and volume .
In <unk> , by using these different <unk> parameters , you can express different ideas .
For example , the <unk> signal .
This is the <unk> signal .
I 'm seeing you .
bullets stopped .
Oh , I 'm going to tell you .
Uh oh .
What are you looking at ?
Ah , enough !
So I started thinking , and if I look at <unk> through music glasses ?
If I had to create a sign , and you fold it over and again , it could be like a piece of visual music .
For example , this is the sign of `` day , '' the sun comes out and puts it .
This is `` all day . ''
If you pull it up and speed the speed , visually , you see as a piece of music .
All day .
I feel that the same can be said , `` All night . ''
`` All night . ''
This is all night , in this drawing .
And this led me to think about three different types of nights , `` Last night , '' `` during the night , '' `` all night . ''
And I feel that the third one has more <unk> than the other two .
This represents how the time is expressed in <unk> and how the body can express changes in time .
For example , one <unk> . It 's a hand , two <unk> . It 's two hands , the present gets closer and in front of the body , the future is in front of the body and the past is on the back .
So , the first example is `` long ago . ''
Then , `` past , '' and the last one , which is my favorite , with a very romantic and dramatic idea at once , `` Once . ''
`` common time , '' it 's a musical term with a <unk> pace of four times a compass .
However , when I look at the word `` ordinary time '' I think , in `` simultaneously . ''
Watch <unk> : `` right hand , E : <unk> .
We have the <unk> across the head and the chest .
[ Face : <unk> , flashlight , flashlight ] [ <unk> ] [ `` E , '' I 'm going to show you a form of your hand called `` flashlight . ''
Can you do that with me ?
Everybody with our hands .
Now we 're going to do it both on your head as a chest , something like `` common time '' or `` at the same time . ''
Yeah , very well .
That means `` fall in love . ''
The international system , as a note , is a visual tool to help communicate in all cultures and signs of signs around the world .
The second one I 'd like to show you is this . Please do it with me again .
And now this .
It means `` colonization '' in the <unk> .
Now , the third . Please follow me again .
And again .
It 's `` lighting '' in the <unk> .
We 're going to do the three together .
`` <unk> , '' `` colonization '' and `` lighting . ''
Good job .
Notice how the three signs are very similar , and everybody happens in your head and your chest , but they transmit very different meanings .
It 's amazing to see how the <unk> is alive and thriving , just like music .
However , today , we live in a very <unk> world .
And just because the <unk> does n't have sounds , it does n't have social value .
We have to start questioning what defines social value and allowing them to develop their own value , no sounds .
And this could be a step to make a more inclusive society .
And maybe people will understand that we do n't have to be deaf to learn <unk> .
<unk> is a treasure trove of treasure of the same experience .
I would like to invite you to open your ears , open your eyes , to participate in our culture and experience our visual language .
And you never know , they can even fall in love with us .
Thank you .
<unk> <unk> : Hey , that 's me .
As a child , my parents told me , `` You can do it all , but then you have to clean . ''
Freedom involves responsibility .
But my imagination carried me all these wonderful places , where everything was possible .
So I grew up in a bubble of innocence , or a bubble bubble , I should say , because the adults would lie to us to protect ourselves from the horrible truth .
When I got older , I learned that adults also feared and that they 're not very good to clean the other .
The time , now I 'm an adult and teach citizenship and invention in Hong Kong school .
You do n't have to wait much for my students to walk on the beach with lots of garbage .
So as citizens , cleaned up the beaches , and not drinking alcohol , and if it 's , I did n't get it .
It 's sad to say , but more than 80 percent of the oceans contain plastic .
It 's kind of scary .
And in the last few decades , we 've been coming out with these big ships and networks , and they collect these plastic pieces to study them under the microscope , and we classify them and we classify this information on a map .
But it lasts for an eternity , and it 's very expensive , and it 's also very risky to use those huge boats .
So together with my students , ages six to 15 years , dream to invent a better way .
We 've transformed our tiny classroom in Hong Kong in a workshop .
We started building this <unk> table with <unk> , so that the kids very <unk> can also participate .
And I 'll tell you , children who manipulate electrical tools feel great and secure .
Not exactly .
Let 's go back to plastic .
We collect the plastic and we reduce it to the size that we find in the ocean , which is very small , because of their fragmentation .
That 's what we do .
I 'll leave the imagination from my students .
My job is to try to take the best ideas of every child and try to get them into something that we hope to work .
So we decided instead of collecting pieces of plastic , just information that we 're going to do .
By using a robot , we take a picture of this plastic -- kids get very excited about robots .
And then we create quickly what we call `` a prototype . ''
We 're so quick in creating prototypes we ended up before lunch .
And we transform lamps and web cameras , and we assemble it into a floating robot that is slowly moving through the water and the plastic that we have there , and this is the picture captured by the robot .
We see the bits of plastic , floating through the sensor while the computer on board process this image , and measure the size of each particle , to get a rough estimate of the amount of plastic in the water .
<unk> this invention step on a website for inventors called `` <unk> , '' with the hope that someone will improve even more .
The great thing about this project is that students saw a local problem , and boom , they 're trying to fix it immediately .
I can investigate my local problem , but my students in Hong Kong are very well informed .
You see the news , you see the Internet , and you 're going to look at this picture .
A kid , maybe less than 10 years old , cleaning an oil spill , just using hands , in <unk> , the largest mangrove forest in the world in Bangladesh .
They were really surprised because this is the drinking water , it 's the water in which they bathe , the water where they fish , the place where they live .
You can also see that water is brown , the mud and oil are also brown color , and when it comes together , it 's very hard to see what 's in the water .
But there 's a simple technology called <unk> , which allows you to see what 's in the water .
We built a first prototype of a handbag that can shed light through all kinds of substances that produce different spectra , which can help identify what 's in the water .
So we got this prototype with a sensor , and we sent it to Bangladesh .
The great thing about this project is that beyond solving a local problem , or to analyze a local problem , my students used their empathy and their sense of creativity to help save other children .
I can research a problem at a distance , and I was forced to do a second experiment , and I wanted to go a little further , maybe to address a harder problem , and also closer to me .
I 'm half Japanese and half French and maybe remember , that in 2011 , there was a devastating earthquake in Japan .
It was so violent that he took several giant waves , called tsunamis , and these tsunamis shredded several cities on the coast of Japan .
More than 14,000 people died in a moment .
It also gives the nuclear power plant in Fukushima , a nuclear power plant close to water .
And today , according to the <unk> reports today are still leaking from the nuclear plant in the Pacific Ocean .
Today , the entire Pacific Ocean has traces of air pollution .
If we go to the west coast , we can measure the radiation of Fukushima everywhere .
But if you look at the map , it seems that most of the radiation disappeared from the Japanese coast , and most of the time , it looks safe , it 's blue .
Well , the reality is a little bit more complicated than that .
I 've come back to Fukushima every year from the accident and research independently with other scientists , the land , the river , and this time we wanted to bring kids .
Of course we did n't take them , the parents were n't allowed to .
But every night we reported the control center -- you see the use of different masks .
It might seem like they did n't have the job seriously , but they did because they 're going to have to live with his entire life .
Together with them , we talked about the data that gives you that day and talk about what we were going to do afterwards , the strategies , the <unk> , and so on .
And to do this , we created a <unk> map of the region around the plant of nuclear power plant .
We created the rise map , we created pigments to represent data in real time of radioactivity , and <unk> water to simulate the rain .
With this , we could notice that radioactive powder was filtering from the top of the mountain towards the <unk> system and <unk> in the ocean .
It was a rough estimate .
But based on this , we organized a civil expedition , the nearest to nuclear power to date .
We zoom in to a mile of nuclear power , and with the help of fishermen from the area , and we were collecting sediments from the sea floor with a tracking device as we invented and build .
Here we see a progression : we 've gone from a local problem to a remote problem , to a global problem .
And it 's been very exciting to work on these different scales , also with open-source technologies and very simple source technologies .
But at the same time , it has been increasingly frustrating because we 've only been starting to measure the damage we 've done .
We have n't even started trying to solve problems .
I wonder if we should take the leap and try to invent better ways to do all these things .
So the classroom became so small , so we found an industrial installation in Hong Kong and made it into the largest space dedicated to social and environmental impact .
It 's in the center of Hong Kong , and it 's a place where we can work with wood , metal , chemistry , a little bit of biology , of optics , basically , you can build almost everything there .
It 's also a place where adults and children can play together .
It 's a place where children 's dreams can become reality with the aid of adults , and where adults can be kids again .
Students : acceleration ! <unk> !
<unk> <unk> : We asked things like : can we invent the future of mobility with renewable energy ?
For example .
Or , we can help in the mobility of the elderly people transforming their standard wheelchairs into new electrical vehicles ?
So plastic , oil and <unk> are terrible , but the worst legacy we can leave our kids are lies .
We ca n't afford to protect the children of the horrible truth because we need their imagination to invent the solutions .
So , scientists , creators , <unk> , we need to make the next generation to care about the environment and people , and so I can actually do something about it .
Thank you .
Two <unk> <unk> cultures , two radically opposite cultures .
One is made from thousands of pieces of steel , the other one of a silk thread .
One of them is synthetic , the other organic .
An imposes on the environment , the other one creates it .
One is designed by nature , the other one for her .
Michelangelo said that when he looked at the gross marble marble , he saw a figure that he fights for being free .
<unk> was just a tool of Michelangelo .
But living things are not <unk> .
They grow .
And in the smallest units of life , the cells , we carry all the information from it for every cell to work and to replicate .
The tools also have consequences .
At least since the Industrial Revolution , the world of design has been dominated by rigors of manufacturing and production production .
The assembly lines have been dictated by a world made out of parts , <unk> the imagination of designers and architects to think of their objects as <unk> of discrete parts with different functions .
But you do n't find small material materials in nature .
Think about human skin , for example .
Our facial skins are thin with <unk> pores .
The skins of the back are darker with little pores .
You care mainly as filter , the other mostly as a barrier , and yet it 's the same skin : there 's no parts , there 's no place , there 's no <unk> .
It 's a system that changes gradually its functionality through compliance variation .
Here 's a split screen that represents my view of the divided world , the double personality of every designer and an architect at working today between the <unk> and the gene , between the machine and the organism , between the assembly and the growth , between Henry Ford and Charles Darwin .
These two visions of the world , my left hemisphere and the right , analytics and synthesis , is shown in the two screens after me .
My job , at its simplest level , tries to bring these two visions of the world together , moving away from assembly and approaching growth .
You 're probably wondering : Why right now ?
Why was n't it possible for 10 or even five years ?
We live in a very special moment in history , a rare moment , where four disciplines are offering access to the tools that we never had access to before .
And at the intersection of these four fields , my team and I created .
Please meet the minds and my students ' hands .
We design objects , products and structures and tools , through scales , large-scale , like this robotic arm with a cost of 24 meters , with a <unk> base that someday not very far away to print whole buildings , and graphics on the nanoscale made of genetically modified microorganisms .
So here we have <unk> the existing existing architecture , an archetype of the former Arab architecture , and it has created a screen where each aperture is unique size to model the shape of light and heat through it .
In our next project , we explored the possibility of creating a layer and a skirt , and this was for a fashion parade of Paris with <unk> van <unk> . It 's like a second skin made from one piece , <unk> in the contours , flexible around the waist .
Together with collaborator 3D printing , we printed this layer and lap 3D without seams between the cells , and I 'll show you more objects like that .
This cap combine rigid , soft materials in the resolution of 20 microns .
This is the resolution of a human hair .
It 's also the resolution of a <unk> scanner .
That designers have access to this high-resolution analytical analytical and the synthetic instruments , it allows us to design products that are n't just the way our bodies are , but also the physiological structure of our tissues .
We 've also designed an acoustic chair , a <unk> chair , comfortable and also absorbs sound .
The Carter professor , my collaborator , came back to the nature to inspire , and to design this irregular surface pattern , it becomes <unk> .
We had this surface of 44 different properties , which vary in stiffness , <unk> and color , <unk> the pressure points in the human body .
Their surface , like in nature , changes its functionality , not by addition to other material or assembly , but it 's continually <unk> , but continuously .
But is the ideal nature ?
There 's no parts in nature ?
I was n't raised in a religious Jewish home , but when I was young , my grandmother told me stories from the Hebrew Bible , and one of them came to me and it came to me , and it came to me a lot about what I care about .
As she <unk> , `` In the third day of the Creation , God sends Earth to grow a tree by <unk> tree . ''
For that first tree , there was no difference between trunk , branches , leaves and fruits .
The whole tree was a fruit .
Instead , land did grow trees with branches , bark , stems and flowers .
The land created a world made out of parts .
I often wonder , `` What would design the objects be made if objects were made up ? ''
Do you have a better state of creation ? ''
So we found out that the Bible material , the kind of material from the tree would come with fruit , and we found it .
The second most abundant <unk> on the planet is called <unk> , and about 100 million tons that are produced every year by organisms like shrimp , crabs , scorpions and butterflies .
We think that if we can tune in to tune in their properties , we could generate <unk> structures in one piece .
So that 's what we did .
We call it legal <unk> . We were <unk> a lot of shrimp store , <unk> and produced <unk> pasta .
We will promote the chemical concentrations , we 've been able to get a wide range of properties , from dark , hard and opaque , to light , soft and transparent .
To print the large-scale structures , it was built a system with multiple controlled nozzles .
The robot could vary the properties of the material on the march and create these structures made of one single material three , 100 percent recyclable , recyclable percent .
When the pieces are ready , it leaves them to dry it to find a natural form to the air .
So why do we keep designing with plastic ?
The air bubbles that were a byproduct of the process of printing are used to <unk> microorganisms that first time on the planet three billion years ago , as we heard yesterday .
Along with our collaborators at Harvard and MIT , we were ignoring the bacteria genetically to capture carbon in the atmosphere and turn it into sugar .
For the first time , we 've been able to generate structures that make their transition , without <unk> beams , and if even more moved , window windows .
A <unk> tree with fruit .
Working with an ancient material , one of the first forms of life on the planet , with abundant water , and with a little bit of synthetic biology , we 've transformed a <unk> structure in an architecture that behaves like a tree .
And here 's the best part : For objects designed to biodegrade , put in the sea , <unk> marine life -- and put on the ground , they will grow a tree .
The adjustment in our next exploration use using the same design principles .
We 're looking for the possibility to make life for the <unk> journeys .
To do that , we must dominate the bacteria and control their flow .
So like the periodic table , we made our own table of elements : new forms of life created <unk> , made by additive , <unk> , <unk> form .
I like to think of synthetic biology like the liquid alchemy , only instead of <unk> , beautiful metals are synthesizing new biological channels within very small channels .
This field is called microfluidics .
<unk> our own 3D channels to control the flow of these crops from these crops .
In our first piece of clothes , they combined two microorganisms .
The first is <unk> .
It lives in our oceans and in the fresh water ponds .
And second , E. coli , the bacteria that inhabit in the human intestine .
It turns the light into sugar , the other takes sugar and produces useful biofuels for the built environment .
But these two microorganisms does n't interact in nature .
In fact , they never met .
They 're here , designed for the first time , to have a relationship in a piece of clothes .
Think of it as evolution , not by natural selection , but evolution by design .
To hold these relationships , we 've created a single channel that looks like the digestive tract , that will help that help us are these bacteria , and that they will adapt their function .
So we began to grow these channels in the human body , <unk> the properties of the material according to the desired functionality .
If we wanted more photosynthesis , we 've got channels more transparent .
This wearable digestive system , when it stretches from one end to another , it unfolds 60 meters .
This is half the length of a football field , and 10 times more than our thin intestine .
And here it is , as we 're going to be at TED , our first wearable photosynthetic channels , bright liquids channels with life inside the clothing .
Thank you .
Mary Shelley said , `` We are previous creatures , only half is made . ''
What if design would be saved by the other half ?
What if we could create structures that increase living matter ?
What if we could create personal <unk> that we 're going to create our skin , would we reduce the damage to our bodies ?
Think of this as a way of edit biology .
I call this material ecology .
For that , we always have to return to nature .
For now , you know that a 3D printer is printed in layers .
You also know that nature does n't do that .
It is growing . It 's interacting with sophistication .
So this cocoon of worm , for example , creates a highly sophisticated architecture , a home within which it gets caught .
<unk> manufacturing is about this level of sophistication .
It makes it through the combination of two materials , but two proteins in different concentrations .
One acts as a structure , the other one is the glue or the matrix , uniting those fibers .
And this happens through scales .
The silk worm first gets turned into the environment , creates a structure of tension , and then it starts to get a cocoon of compression .
<unk> and compression , the two forces of life , they manifest themselves in a single material .
In order to understand better how this complex process works , we attach a small magnet to the head of a silk worm , to the line .
We put it inside a box with magnetic sensors , and that allowed us to create this cloud of dots in three dimensions and visualize the complex architecture of cocoon of silk .
And yet , when you put the silk worm into a flat patch , not within a box , we realized that you would take a cocoon and still <unk> .
So we started designing different environments , different scaffolding , and we 've discovered that shape , the composition , the structure of cocoon , is being passed directly by the environment .
We often have the silk worms to death within their cocoons , their silk gets rid of and it 's used in the textile industry .
We saw that designing these templates we can shape the raw silk without boiling a cocoon .
<unk> <unk> , and we could create these things .
So we climb this process to the architectural scale .
We had a robot that had been making silk templates , and we put ourselves into our site .
We knew the silk worms were going into the dark and dark areas , so we use a solar route diagram to reveal the distribution of light and heat into our structure .
So we created holes or <unk> , to block the rays from light and heat , distributes the silk worms over the structure .
We were ready to get the caterpillars .
We would 4,000 online worms to a silk farm online .
And after you feed them four weeks , they were prepared to get on us .
We put them carefully on the bottom of the scaffolding , and while we were <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , and life begins again , like us , but much , much shorter , much shorter .
Buckminster Fuller said that the tension is the great integrity , and it was right .
By extracting biological silk on the <unk> silk , they give all of this pavilion .
And in a little bit more than two or three weeks , G.M worms of silk 3,000 miles .
In a curious symmetry , this is also the length of the silk route .
We moths , after the <unk> , they produce 1.5 million eggs .
This could be used for 250 pavilions in the future .
So here are the two visions of the world .
A <unk> silk through a robotic arm , the other full gap .
If the last frontier of design is to give life to products and the buildings around us , to form an ecology of two materials , designers must bring these two visions of the world together .
It takes us back , of course , at the beginning .
Here 's a new era of design , a new era of creation , which takes us from a design inspired by nature to an inspired nature of design , which demands for us , for the first time , that we make ourselves in nature .
Thank you .
Thank you very much . Thank you .
Hands up if you 've ever asked you , `` What do you want to be older ? ''
If you had to remember how old they had when they asked them for the first time ?
They can hang on with their fingers .
Three . Five . Three . Five . Five .
Now raise your hand if the question `` What do you want to be more ? ''
It has caused them some kind of anxiety .
Any anxiety .
I 'm somebody who could never answer the question , `` What do you want to be older ? ''
The problem was n't that I had no interest , but I had too many .
In school , I liked the English , <unk> and art and making websites , and I 'd play the guitar in a punk band called <unk> <unk> .
Maybe you 've heard about us .
And in general I like to test and persist anyway , because I have spent a lot of time and energy and sometimes money in this field .
But over time , this feeling of boredom , this is no longer a challenge , it comes to <unk> .
And I have to leave it .
But then I 'm going to tell you about something else , something totally different , and I 'm going to get myself on it , and I 'll just let myself absorb and feel like , `` Yeah ! I 've found mine , '' and then again , where I start to <unk> .
And finally , I want to leave it .
But then I 'd like to discover something new and different , and I 'd like to go into that .
This pattern caused me a lot of anxiety , for two reasons .
The first was because I was n't sure how I was going to turn all this into a career .
I thought I had to choose one thing , I will deny all of my other passions , and let me go back to <unk> .
Another reason that I had so much anxiety was a little more personal .
I was worried that there was something wrong with this , and something wrong with me for nothing at all .
I was concerned to be afraid of engagement , or being dispersed , or <unk> or my own success .
If you can relate my story and these feelings , I 'd like to ask you something that I 'd like to ask you to ask myself .
Ask yourself , where do you learn to allocate the meaning of evil or abnormal to do things .
I 'll tell you where you learned : you learned the culture of culture .
You ask , `` What do you want to be more ? ''
When we have about five years .
And the truth is , nobody cares about what you 're going to do at that age .
It 's considered a naive question to make cute answers in kids like , `` Being an astronaut , '' or `` being a dancer , '' or `` I want to be pirate . ''
I was going to have a Halloween approach here .
This question is a question for us and over again as we grow up in various ways , the dreaming , example , to high school students , they 're going to ask them that they 're going to pick at the university .
And at some point , `` What do you want to be more ? ''
It 's going to be the cute exercise of before what the dream takes us from .
Why ?
Now , this question inspire kids to dream about what they might be , does not inspire dreaming to dream with everything they might be .
In fact , it does just the opposite , because when someone asks you what you want to be , you ca n't respond with 20 different things , while well-intentioned adults do n't laugh and say , `` Oh , what nice , but you ca n't be craftsman ' craftsman and a psychologist .
You have to choose . ''
This is Dr. Bob Childs , and he 's artisan artisan and <unk> .
And this Ng , an editor editor converted into <unk> , entrepreneur , teacher and creative director .
But most kids do n't hear about people like this .
All you hear is that they 're going to have to choose .
But it 's more than that .
The notion of life is very idealized in our culture .
It 's this idea of fate or the real vocation , the idea that each one of us has something to do during their time on this land , and you have to figure out what that thing is and dedicate your life to it .
But what if you 're someone who 's not connected in this way ?
What if there are many different issues that show your curiosity and lots of different things that you want to do ?
There 's no place for somebody like one in that framework .
And so you can feel just .
You can feel that it does n't have a goal .
And feeling there is something wrong with one .
There 's nothing wrong with you .
You 're a <unk> .
One <unk> is someone with many interests and creative activities .
It 's a breath for that to say .
It could help if you divide in three parts : multiple , potential and <unk> .
You can also use other terms to make the same idea , as a scholar , <unk> .
During the Renaissance time of the Renaissance , the ideal was who was fine <unk> in multiple disciplines .
Barbara <unk> refers to us as `` scanners . ''
They 're going to take any term whether they like it or their own .
It seems to me as a kind of adapt to a community , we ca n't agree with one identity .
It 's easy to see the <unk> as limitation , or woe you should win .
But what I 've learned about talking to people and writing about these ideas on my website , is that there are huge strengths in this way .
Here are three superpowers .
One : the synthesis of ideas .
I mean , the combination of two or more fields and creating something new at the intersection .
<unk> <unk> and Rachel <unk> expressed their interest in cartography , data visualization , and travel , math and design , when I found it .
<unk> is a company that creates geographically geographically jewels .
<unk> and Rachel came up with this unique idea for their eclectic mix of skills and experiences .
Innovation happens at intersections .
Hence the new ideas .
And the <unk> , with all their background , can access a lot of these dots at intersection .
The second <unk> superpower is learning fast .
When we were interested in something , we 're going to do it .
We look at everything we can have in our hands .
We 're used to be beginners , because it was a lot of times in the past , and this means that we 're less afraid to try new things and get out of our comfort areas .
A lot of skills are attached to other disciplines , and we bring everything that we 've learned to every new area that we have , so we rarely start zero .
<unk> <unk> is a full end of time and independent writer .
As a young pianist , an incredible ability to develop an incredible ability to develop muscle memory .
Now , she 's the fastest <unk> .
Before I become a writer , <unk> was a financial planner .
He had to learn the fine sales mechanics when their practices started starting their practices , and this ability to write compelling releases for editors .
It 's rarely a waste of time to go to what you 're attracted to , even if you are leaving them .
It 's possible to apply that knowledge in a totally different field , in a way that you could n't have anticipated .
The third <unk> superpower is adaptability . I mean , the ability to transform into anything you need in a given situation .
Abe <unk> is sometimes the director of videos , other people , web designer , sometimes a Kickstarter , sometimes teacher , and sometimes , apparently , James Bond .
It 's valuable because it does a good job .
He 's even more valuable because he can take different roles , depending on their customers ' needs .
The <unk> Company Company defines adaptability as the most important ability for development , to thrive in the 21st century .
The economic world changes as rapidly and <unk> that are individuals and organizations that can be able to be able to meet the needs of the market , the ones that actually thrive .
<unk> of ideas , quickly learning and adaptability : three skills where <unk> are very adept , and three skills that you could lose if you 're stressed out to reduce your goals .
As a society , we have a great interest in encouraging people to be themselves .
We have complex problems , is multidimensional right now , and we need creative thinkers to deal with them .
Let 's say they are , in their heart , specialists .
They came out of the belly knowing that they wanted to be pediatric neurosurgeons .
Do n't worry , there 's nothing wrong with you .
In fact , some of the best teams make up from a specialist and a <unk> <unk> .
The specialist can dive deep and put ideas , and <unk> offers a breadth of knowledge to the project .
It 's a beautiful relationship .
But we should all design lives and careers that we interact with how we 're connected .
And unfortunately , to the <unk> , they 're largely encouraging them to be more like their fellow specialized partners .
Once I said this , if there is one thing that you take from this talk , I hope that 's going to be : Let 's go with the inner wiring , whatever .
If you 're a heart specialist , then you 're going through all the media .
That 's where you will give the best thing .
But for the <unk> in the room , including those who you just realized is one of them in the last 12 minutes , I 'm telling you , you know , let 's get them with their many passions .
Keep your curiosity out of those rabbit <unk> .
<unk> intersections .
<unk> our inner wiring leads us to a more authentic and happy life .
And perhaps most importantly , <unk> , the world needs us !
Thank you .
In the year 1901 , a woman called <unk> was taken to a psychiatric institution .
<unk> <unk> and could n't remember even the most basic details of their life .
His doctor was called <unk> .
And I did n't know how to help <unk> it , but she was beaten by her until , unfortunately , he died in canvas .
After his death , he had a autopsy autopsy , and they found strange plates and this in the brain of <unk> , of a guy who had never seen before .
The most amazing thing .
If we had a lived state today , we could n't give her more helpful to her , which he had been given 114 years ago .
<unk> was Dr. Alzheimer 's disease .
And <unk> <unk> , the first patient to get a diagnosis we now call Alzheimer 's disease .
Since 1901 , medicine has been very advanced .
They 've discovered antibiotics and vaccines to protect us from infections , many treatments for cancer , pharmaceuticals for HIV , <unk> for <unk> and much more .
But have been moved on to treat Alzheimer 's disease .
I 'm part of a team of scientists who work to find a cure for Alzheimer 's for more than a decade .
So I think about this all the time .
Alzheimer 's now affects 40 million all over the world .
But by 2050 , it will affect 150 million , by the way , to include many of you .
If you wait to live until age 85 or more , you can get Alzheimer 's disease to be almost one in two .
In other words , there is the likelihood that you 're going to pass their years away with Alzheimer 's or helping care for a friend or to be loved with Alzheimer 's .
In the U.S. alone , Alzheimer 's care costs , 200 billion dollars every year .
One of five dollars for healthcare is spending on Alzheimer 's disease .
Today , it 's the most expensive disease , and its costs need a rise of five times by 2050 , as the generation of boomers are aging .
You may be surprised , but Alzheimer 's is one of the greatest medical and social challenges of our generation .
But it 's been relatively little done to fight it .
Today , one of the top 10 causes of death around the world , Alzheimer 's is the only one that ca n't prevent or cure or even slow their development .
We understand less about Alzheimer 's than other diseases , because we 've invested less time and money in the investigation of the same .
The U.S. government spends 10 times more every year in cancer research that 's Alzheimer 's despite the fact that it costs us more Alzheimer 's disease and cause a number of a similar number of deaths as cancer .
The lack of resources is due to a more fundamental cause : the lack of consciousness .
Because this is what few people know , but everybody should have , Alzheimer 's disease , and we can cure it .
For most of the last 114 years , everybody , even , scientists , get Alzheimer 's with aging .
We think it will be <unk> in a normal and inevitable part of aging .
But you only have to look at a picture of a healthy old brain compared to the patient 's patient to see physical physical damage caused by this disease .
In addition to trigger a severe loss of memory and mental skills , the damage to the brain caused by Alzheimer 's disease significantly , and it 's always fatal .
Remember , Dr. Alzheimer 's found plates , and he put weird on the brain of <unk> a century ago .
For almost a century , we did n't know a lot about this .
We know what we know are made of protein molecules .
You can think of a protein molecule as a piece of paper that folds up as an origami .
There are places in paper that are hearing .
And when it folds right up , these bad dots end up in the inside .
But sometimes things go wrong , and some lying left out on the outside .
This makes the protein molecules stick to each other , forming groups that can form big plates and this .
That 's what we see in the brain of patients with Alzheimer 's brain .
We 've spent the last 10 years at Cambridge University , trying to understand how this dysfunction works .
There are many steps , and the identification of which step block is complex , like defuse a bomb .
<unk> a wire could do anything .
<unk> others can make the bomb explode .
You 've got to find the right step that locks it , and then create a drug that does it .
Until recently , most of the wires have shrunk and waited for the best .
But now there 's a diverse group of people , doctors , biologists , geneticists , physicists , engineers , mathematicians .
And together , we 've managed to identify a critical step in the process , and now you 're testing a new kind of drugs that block specifically this step to stop the disease .
So let me show you some of our latest results .
No one outside our lab has seen it yet .
Let 's look at some videos of what happened when these drugs had happened in worms .
These are the healthy worms , and you can see that they 're moving with normal .
These worms , on the other hand , have protein molecules that stick with each other in humans , like in humans with Alzheimer 's .
And you can see that they 're clearly sick .
But when we give our new drugs to these worms in an early stage , then we see that heal and live a normal life .
Now , this is just a positive effect , but research like this shows that Alzheimer 's is a disease that we can understand and cure .
After 114 years of waiting , there 's real hope of what can be achieved in the next 10 or 20 years .
But to grow that hope , to overcome Alzheimer 's , we need help .
It 's not about scientists like me , it 's about you .
We need to make sure that Alzheimer 's is a disease , and that if we try , we can <unk> it .
In the case of other diseases , patients and their families have <unk> more research and preparing pressure on governments , pharmaceutical industry , about scientists and legislators .
That was essential to move forward into HIV treatment in the late 1980s .
We see that same unit today to overcome cancer .
But Alzheimer 's patients often ca n't speak for themselves .
And their families , the hidden victims , caregivers of their loved ones , and night , they 're often too keen to go out and advocate for change .
So , it really depends on you .
Alzheimer 's disease is not , in most cases , a genetic disease .
Everybody with a brain is risk .
Today , there are 40 million patients like <unk> , who can not create the change they need for themselves .
<unk> talking about them , and help demand a cure .
Thank you .
I published this article in the New York Times column in January Times , in January of this year .
To fall in love with someone , I do this .
So the paper is about a psychological study , designed to create romantic love in the lab , and my own experience to prove it myself one night of last summer .
So the procedure is pretty simple : Two strangers will stand for 36 and more personal questions , and then both look at your eyes without talking for four minutes .
Here 's a couple of questions here .
Number 12 : If you could wake up with a quality or ability , what would it be ?
Number 28 : When was the last time you ran to another person ?
And just ?
<unk> , these are increasingly personal .
Number 30 : -- I really like -- Tell your partner what you like about him or her -- I know very honest this time , and I gave things that you do n't say to someone you 've just met .
When I came across this study a few years ago , a detail really called me attention , the gossip that two of the participants had married six months later and invited all of the lab to the ceremony .
So , I was skeptical about this process of making romantic love , but , of course , I was also intrigued .
And when I had the time to test this study , with somebody who knew not particularly well , I did n't expect to crush in .
However , we fell in love , and I thought it was a good story , so I sent it to the column to Modern Love a few months later .
That was published in January , and it 's now August , so I guess some of you are probably wondering : Are they still together ?
And the reason I think you really challenge this is because you 've done this question over and over the last seven months .
And this question is just what I want to talk about today .
But let 's go back to the theme .
A week before the article was published to be very nervous .
I 'd been working on a romantic book in the last few years , so I 'd been reluctant to write about my experience in romantic love in my blog .
But a blog entrance can come to some hundreds of views as a lot , and those were usually just from my Facebook friends and imagined that my article in the New York Times would have probably some thousands of views .
And that came a good burden of attention in a relatively new relationship .
But I had no idea .
The article was published on a Friday night , and already on Saturday , this happened on the traffic of my blog .
And on Sunday , I 've already called the Today Show and Good Show America .
In one month , the article got over eight million hits , and I was , by saying something , little prepared for this kind of attention .
One thing is to encourage trust writing honestly about own romantic experiences , but another thing is to find out that the loving life of one has been international news , and that people around the world are really interested in the state of your new relationship .
And when people call it or write , what they did every day for weeks , they were always doing the same question : still do they follow together ?
In fact , when I was preparing this talk , I did a quick search for the mailbox of my email with the phrase , `` Still follow together ? ''
And several messages came up immediately .
They were from students and journalists and strangers like this .
I was interviewed on the radio and they asked the question .
And even , I gave a talk , and a woman screamed at the stage , `` Hey , do you know where your boyfriend is ? ''
And I immediately got red .
And I understand this is part of the deal .
If you write about your relationship in an international newspaper , you should expect people to feel comfortable by asking about it .
But I was not prepared for the breadth of the answer .
Now , the 36 questions seemed to have a lifetime of their own .
In fact , the New York Times ran a complementary article for Valentine 's , who included the experiences of readers when the study was doing a different degree of success .
So , my first impulse to all of this was being very reserved for my own relationship .
I said not to every request that we both did a public emergence together .
<unk> television interviews , and he refused to orders pictures of us two .
I think I was afraid to become the icons of <unk> in the <unk> process , a range of which I did n't feel at all of them .
And I understand that people did n't want to know only if the study worked , they wanted to know if it really worked , whether it was able to produce <unk> love , not just an adventure , but it 's real love , but real love , love <unk> .
But this was a question that I did n't feel able to answer .
My relationship was just a few months , and I felt , especially , that people asked the wrong question .
How do we know if we would follow together or not , and they 'd also say ?
If the answer was no , would the experience of doing these 36 questions at 36 questions ?
Dr. Arthur Aron wrote first about these questions in this study in 1997 , and there , the researcher goal was not producing romantic love .
Instead of that , I was looking for interpersonal addition to college students , using what Aron called sustained , sustained and reciprocal staff .
Sounds romantic , right ?
But the study itself worked .
Participants felt closer after doing so , number of studies later , they also used the <unk> protocol of Aron as a rapid way of creating trust and interaction between strangers .
They 've used this between the police and the community , and they 've used it between people of political ideologies .
The original version of the story , which proved that summer , that combines personal questions with four minutes of visual contact , was cited in this article , but unfortunately never published .
A few months ago , I was giving a talk in a little liberal arts university , and then a student came up to me and told me with shyness and I tried the studio and did n't work .
He seemed puzzled by it .
And I said , `` Do you mean that you would care about the person you did ? ''
He did a pause .
I think she just wants us to be friends .
And I : But became better friends ?
Do you feel that they were able to get better after testing the study ?
The nodded .
So , it worked , '' I said .
But I do n't think that was the answer that he was looking for .
In fact , I do n't think it 's the answer that none of you are looking for when it comes to love .
I came across the study for the first time when I was 29 , I was going through a really difficult separation .
I had had that relationship since I had 20 , which was supposed to pretty much all my adult life , and he was my first true love , and he had no idea how or she could live without him .
So I turned into science .
I did all of the research that I could find on romantic love , and I expected that that could sort of get the heart out .
I do n't know if I realized this at the moment I thought I just did this for the book I was writing , but in hindsight , it seems really obvious .
I thought that if I built with the knowledge of romantic love , I would never have to feel so bad , and I used to feel like I was then .
And all this knowledge has been useful in one way or another .
I 'm a more patient with love . I 'm more relaxed .
I 'm more confident to demand what I 'm looking for .
But I can see myself more clearly , and I can realize that what I 'm looking for is sometimes more than what reasonably they can demand for me .
What I 'm looking for of love is an assurance , not just being loved today and being loved tomorrow , but to remain loved being loved by the person I love .
It may be that this is the guarantee that people would ask when they wanted to know when they were still together .
The story that the media was told about the 36 questions is that there can be a shortcut to love in love .
There can be a way for some ways to mitigate the implicit risk , and this is a very appealing story , because in love in love makes us feel beautifully , but it 's also terrifying .
But I think when it comes to love , we 're very willing to accept the short version of the story .
The version of the story that asks , is still together ?
And their content with an answer to an answer or not .
So more than a question , I would propose we do more difficult questions , questions like : How do you decide who deserves your love and who is n't ?
How will stay in love when things get hard , and how do you know when to cut and distance themselves ?
How do you live with uncertainty that inevitably leads to a relationship , or more , how do you live with doubt your partner ?
I do n't necessarily know the answers to these questions , but I think they 're a good beginning to have a more reflective conversation about what will love someone .
So , if you want the short version of my relationship to my relationship , it 's this one -- a year ago , a known thing and I applied a study designed to create romantic love , in love , we still follow together , and I 'm very happy .
But in love is not the same as to remain in love .
<unk> is the easy part .
So at the end of my article , I wrote : The love did n't happen .
They fell in love because we took the choice to be .
And I wince reading to read it now , not because it 's true , but because at the time , I had n't considered everything that that choice was supposed to be supposed to do .
I did n't think how many times we would have that decision , and how much of it will have to keep doing that choice without knowing if he always chose to choose or not .
I want it to be enough to have done and answering 36 questions , have chosen to love someone so generous and kind and fun and have expressed that choice in the largest newspaper in the United States .
But what I 've done , instead , is to turn my relationship into the kind of myth that I do n't really believe .
And what I 'm looking for , and what I 'm looking for my life to look for is that that myth is true .
I want the happy ending implicit in the title of my article , which is , by the way , the only part of the paper I did n't actually write .
But what I have in change is the opportunity to love someone , and the hope that he will also love to love , and it 's frightening , but that 's the deal with love .
Thank you .
I was raised by some lesbian in full of a mountain , and in a way , I came up as a <unk> of the forest .
something that really affected me , but something that really affected me , but something that really affected me , but something that really affected me .
I 'll start with when I was eight years old .
I took a box of wood , and I 'll run a dollar bill , a pen and a fork in the Colorado somewhere in Colorado .
And I thought , some humanoid humanoid , or some aliens would find this box for about 500 years later , and let me tell you how our kind of ideas could be made , for example how we eat spaghetti .
I had no idea .
And anyway , it 's got funny because here I am , 30 years later , and I 'm still making boxes .
In a given time I was in Hawaii -- I like to go from trip and surfing and all those weird things -- and I was making a collage for my mother .
And I took a dictionary and I took off all the pages and I made a kind of <unk> named Agnes Martin , I covered it in resin and a bee stuck .
Well , my mother is afraid of bees , and it 's <unk> to them , so I added more resin on the canvas , thinking that I could <unk> .
Instead , the opposite happened : somehow it seemed like it increased size , as if it was that we had a magnifying glass .
So I built more boxes .
This time , I started to add electronics , frogs , strange bottles that I was finding on the street , everything I could find , because I was looking for things all my life , trying to relate it and tell stories about these objects .
So I started drawing around objects , and I realized that God can draw in space .
I can flow <unk> , drawing the same way that you do around a body in the crime scene .
And I took the objects , and I created my own specimens from specimens invented .
First , <unk> -- that you can get an idea .
Then I made some insects and weird creatures .
It was really fun to draw on the resin layers .
And it was great , because I started riding exhibitions and those things , and I was making some money , to take my girlfriend for dinner , for example , going to <unk> .
It was great , man .
At some point I became interested in human form , <unk> resin with drawings of human beings within the layers .
It was great , except for one thing : I was dying .
I did n't know what to do , because the resin was going to kill me .
And I was going to bed every night thinking about it .
So I tried to use glass .
I started drawing on the glass layers , similar to drawing into a window , then another window , and another window , and I had all these windows together that are a three-dimensional composition .
And this really worked , and so I could stop using the resin .
So I did this for years , and my work with something very big , that I call `` triptych . ''
For the triptych , I was inspired by a great measure in `` The coldest '' from Hieronymus Bosch , which is a painting in the <unk> Museum in Spain .
Do you know it ?
Well , it 's a fantastic picture .
They say it 's a bit ahead of your time .
Well , the triptych .
It weighs 3,000 pounds .
Five meters long .
It has double expensive , so it 's 10 meters of composition .
It 's a little bit weird .
Well , that 's the source of blood .
On the left , it 's Jesus and grasshoppers .
There 's a cave where all these creatures with animal heads travel between two worlds .
They go from the world of representation , to this analog mesh underworld where they hide .
This is where the creatures with the animal heads are heading to the beacon , the lists for suicide <unk> in the ocean .
The ocean is comprised of thousands of elements .
This is a god bird tied to a <unk> .
Billy Graham is in the sea ; `` The Horizon -- the <unk> platform of <unk> <unk> ] -- the <unk> of Osama Bin Laden , there are all kinds of weird things that you can find if you look very well in the ocean .
But anyway , a kind of <unk> .
It 's coming out of the ocean , and it spits out oil in a hand while the other hand goes out .
Their hands are like <unk> , and it looks like a mythological thing that holds the Earth and the cosmos in balance .
So it 's one aspect of the triptych .
It 's a little bit a narrative .
That 's the hand that spits out .
And then , when you go to the other side , you have a nose , like a bird 's peak , and spits out clouds of this proboscis .
It also has a five-minute tail of a snake tail that joins the `` triptych . ''
Anyway , their tail turn on fire to <unk> on a volcano .
I do n't know why that happened .
Things that happen , you know .
His tail ends up in a eyeball , made of the terrorist cards of 1986 .
Have you seen them ?
They were done in the 1980s , as if they were baseball cards for terrorists .
So , you know , I 'm going to get this to my last project .
I 'm in the middle of two projects : One is called `` <unk> . ''
This is a six-year-old project to make 100 of these human beings .
Each one is an archive of our culture , through media and material , whether you 're experiencing or dictionaries or magazines .
But each one acts as a kind of file as a human being , and they travel in groups of 20 , four or 12 at the time .
They 're like cells , they come together , they divide .
And you can walk between them . It 's taking me years .
Each one is basically a microscope microscope that weighs 1,300 pounds with a human trapped inside .
This has a little cave cave .
That 's the head ; it 's my chest , you can <unk> the entrance .
I 'm going to join you for the rest of the body : there 's a waterfall that comes out of the chest , and it covers the penis or <unk> , or whatever it is , a kind of <unk> thing .
It 's a quick primer on these works because I ca n't afford it for a long time .
We have layers , you can see .
This is a party in half .
This has two heads , and you 're communicating between the two .
There are some pills coming out and enter the head of this strange statue .
There 's a little forest scene inside the ribcage .
Can you see it ?
Anyway , this talk is about these boxes , like the boxes we live in .
We 're in a box , the solar system is a box .
This brings me to my final box .
It 's a brick box . It 's called Pioneer <unk> .
And within this box there is a physicist , a neuroscientist , a painter , a musician , a musician , a writer , a writer , a radio station , a museum , a school , an editorial arm that spreads all the content we do in the world , and a garden .
<unk> the box and all the people inside them rise to each other as particles .
And I think that 's the way to change the world .
When you redefines them who is and the box that you 're living in .
And together we come to realize that we 're all together in this together , that this illusion that we are different , these concepts of countries , of the borders , of religion , does n't work .
We 're all very facts about the same matter and the same box .
And if we do n't start to trade those things with sweetness and graciously all of us are going to die very soon .
Thank you very much .
What do they do when they hurt the head ?
They take aspirin .
But so that this pill has effect against pain , first it goes through the stomach , the intestines and other organs .
It 's going to take a pill , it 's the most effective and <unk> system for any drug that 's made in the body .
The downside , however , is that when you catch any drug , any drug actually gets diluted away .
And this is a big problem , especially in patients with HIV .
When you take antiretroviral drugs , these serve them to decrease the amount of viruses in the blood , and increase the cells ' count count .
But they 're also known for their adverse side effects , mostly negative , because in the time that it takes to get into your blood stream , it will be rejuvenated , and worse yet for the time that it takes to get to your destination , which is where it 's more important .
These are regions of the body like the lymph nodes , the nervous system , where the virus is dead and does n't easily go into the bloodstream 's bloodstream that are sent to regular therapy with antiretroviral drugs .
However , after the treatment of treatment , the virus can wake up and infect new blood cells .
This is the big problem of HIV treatment with current pharmaceuticals that is managed by oral lives .
One day , I sat down , and I thought , `` Could we make treatment directly to the warehouse of the virus , without the risk working on drugs ? ''
As a scientific expert in lasers , the answer was in front of me : lasers , of course .
If you use dentistry , for care for wounds and diabetes surgery , you can be used for anything you can imagine , including the delivery of drugs .
In fact , we 're using laser pulses to open up or drill down extremely small holes , opening up and closing the cells infected with HIV to introduce drugs .
Maybe they ask , `` How is that possible ? ''
We sent a little laser and powerful laser laser on the cellular membrane of HIV while these cells are embedded in a liquid that contains the drug .
The laser through the cell , as the cell absorbs the drug in a matter of microseconds .
Before you even realize , the hole is immediately <unk> .
We 're testing this technology in vitro technology or dishes , but the goal is to bring this technology into the human body , apply it to the human body .
`` How is that possible ? '' You can ask .
Well , the answer is : through a <unk> device .
With the first head , which is our laser , we 'll make an incision in the site of infection .
The second head , which is a camera , is headed to the site of infection .
Finally , the third head , a <unk> that gets the drug , gets it directly into the site of infection , while the laser is used again to keep open cells .
Well , this does n't seem a lot of time .
But one day , if it 's successful , this technology can lead to the total eradication of HIV .
Yes , a cure for HIV .
This is the dream of all HIV researcher -- in our case , a laser treatment .
Thank you .
In the last decade , I 've been studying federal armed groups : arms organizations like terrorists , insurgents and militia .
They 're looking at what these groups do when they 're not shooting .
My goal is to understand better to these <unk> agents of violence and study ways to encourage the transition from violent participation to nonviolent confrontation .
I do fieldwork , in the world of politics and the library .
Understanding to these groups is key to solving all conflict in course , because the war has changed .
I used to be a dispute between states .
No .
Now it 's a conflict between the states and actors .
For example , from the <unk> agreements between 1975 and 2011 , <unk> were signed up between a state and a non-governmental actor .
So we need to understand these groups ; we even have to engage and engage in any process of successful conflict resolution .
But how do we do that ?
We need to know what motivates these organizations .
We know very well the reasons why they fight , how they do , but nobody analyzes what they do when they do n't fight .
The armed struggle and policies did not relate to .
It 's all part of the same organization .
We ca n't understand these groups , not much less <unk> , without a global view .
The armed groups today are complex organizations .
For example , our Lebanese 16-year-old , known for his violent concealing against Israel .
From its creation in the 1980s , <unk> also has established a political party , a social services network and military apparatus .
Similarly , the Palestinian Hamas , known for their suicide attacks against Israel , also manages the Gaza Bank since 2007 .
So these groups do more than simply shoot .
They 're multitasking .
We had a complex machinery of communication : radio stations , TV channels , web websites and strategies in social networks .
And here you have the ISIS journal , printed in English and published to recruit .
The armed groups also invest in a complex fundraising fund , but through profitable business , for example , construction companies .
These activities are key .
They allow these groups to increase their strength , increase their strength , to recruit better and build their brand .
The armed groups also do something else : they create stronger ties with their population investing in social services .
They build schools , running the hospitals , put in professional training programs , or microfinance .
<unk> offers all these services and more .
The armed groups also try to conquer the population using something that state does n't provide -- safety and protection .
The rise of the Taliban in an Afghanistan torn for war or even the beginning of the ascent of ISIS , can also be understood as well as the efforts of these groups to deliver security .
Unfortunately , in these cases , security has an elevated price for the population .
But in general , providing social services means to fill a vacuum , a <unk> gap , and it allows these groups to strengthen and increase their power .
For example , the military victory in 2006 of Palestinian Hamas ca n't be understood without recognizing the social work of the group .
It 's a really complex scenario , even in the West , when we analyze the armed groups , we just think about the violent side .
But that 's not enough to understand the strengths of these groups , strategy or long-term vision .
These groups are hybrids .
They grow because they fill up gaps by government , and they emerge as armed and political groups , participating in violent struggle and they get governance .
And the more complex and the more sophisticated organizations are these organizations , we can less of them as opposed to a state .
How do you call a group like <unk> ?
<unk> part of a territory , running all their functions , collect the trash , running the sewer system .
Is it a state ? Is it a rebel group ?
Or maybe it 's something else , something new and different .
And what is ISIS ?
The lines are <unk> .
We live in a world of states , with no state and hybrids , and the weakest the states , as in the Middle East , the more they come in and fill that gap the non-state actors .
This is important for governments , because to counter these groups , they will have to invest more in not military tools .
<unk> that gap of government has to be at the center of any sustainable approach .
This is very important to establish and put peace together .
If we better understand the armed groups , we will better understand what incentive to offer to drive the transition from violence to non-violence .
In this new feud between states and non-state actors , military power can earn some battles , but not to give us peace and stability .
To get these targets , we need long-term investments to fill that gap of security , to fill that gap of government that allowed these groups to thrive in a principle .
Thank you .
I 'm a failure as a woman , as a feminist .
My opinions about gender equality is <unk> , but I 'm afraid to accept the label of feminist , it would be unfair for feminist .
I 'm a feminist , but it 's pretty bad .
And so I 'm going to give me a bad feminist .
Or , at least , I wrote an article , and a book called `` The bad feminist , '' and then in the interviews , people started calling me <unk> <unk> .
So what started as a personal joke meant to myself and a deliberate provocation , it 's become a bigger thing .
Let me take a step back .
When I was young , especially in my youth , and at the age of 20 years , I had some strange ideas about feminist , these <unk> women , anger with men and hated sex , as if that was something wrong .
Today , I see how women are treated all over the world and anger , in particular , it looks like a perfectly reasonable answer .
But at the time , I was worried about the tone that I was using people when I could be a feminist .
It will be labeled as a feminist was an accusation , a taboo and unpleasant word .
I 'm struck by a woman who does n't follow the rules , who is asking too much , high self-esteem and dare to believe that it 's the same or higher .
Nobody wants to be that rebel woman , until it realizes that it 's actually that woman and ca n't imagine being someone else .
Over time , as I grew up , I began to accept that I am , in fact , feminist , and also , proud to be .
For me , certain claims are <unk> : women are equal to men .
They made the same paycheck for the same job .
We have a right to travel around the world like <unk> , free or violence .
We have a right to use easy and accessible the contraceptives and reproductive services .
We have the right to decide about our bodies , without legislative controls or doctrines .
We have the right to respect .
There 's more .
When you talk about the needs of women , you have to keep our other identities .
We 're not just women .
We are people with a different body , expression of gender , religion and sexuality , social condition , skills and much more .
We need to keep these differences and how they affect us , the same way that matters what we have in common .
Without this kind of inclusion , our feminism is nothing .
For me , these truths are evident , but to be clear : I 'm a disaster .
I 'm full of contradictions .
There 's a lot of things that make me a bad feminist .
I have another confession .
When I lead to work , I listen to rap music <unk> at all .
Although the letter degrades women , and it offends me deeply , the classic `` Salt <unk> '' of the yin naive Yang is incredible .
`` Get out with your wet t-shirt .
Let 's take it , take it , let 's give you the shell ! ''
Think about it .
I would make poetry , right ?
I 'm completely mortified for my musical taste .
I believe in the work of man 's work , which is all I do n't want to do , including all the household tasks , but also killing insects , the collection of garbage , caring for <unk> and maintenance .
I do n't want to have anything to do with that .
The pink is my favorite color .
I love the fashion magazines and the pretty things .
I can see `` The <unk> '' and romantic comedies , and I have the absurd fantasies of the fairy tales that are actually making .
Some of my crimes are more <unk> .
If a woman wants to adopt the name of her husband , it 's his choice , and I 'm not who I am to judge .
If a woman decides to stay home to raise their kids , I accept that choice , too .
The problem is not that it becomes economically vulnerable through this same choice , the problem is that our society is <unk> in a way that makes women be economically vulnerable when they choose .
We fix this problem .
<unk> the conventional feminism thing that has been ignored , or deaths historically , the needs of color women , the workers , gay and transgendered , in favor of white , heterosexual , middle class .
Listen , if that 's good feminism to be a really bad feminist .
And the next thing happens : as a feminist , I feel a lot of pressure .
We have this tendency to put feminist put on a pedestal .
We hope that it 's perfect .
When we <unk> , we retire with a lot of taste of the same pedestal where we put them .
As I said , I 'm a disaster ; I already consider myself on that pedestal before I try to get there .
So many women , particularly innovative women and the leaders of the sector , are afraid to be tagged as feminist .
They 're afraid of standing up and say , `` Yes , I 'm a feminist , '' for fear of what that sticker is , in fear , not being able to fulfill the unrealistic expectations .
Let 's take for example by <unk> , or as I call it , the Goddess .
In the last few years , it 's a <unk> feminist .
In Ed Music 's former 2014 , on MTV , acted in front of the word `` feminist <unk> . ''
It was a wonderful show , seeing this pop star embracing the openly , and to know the women and the young men who being feminist is something to be proud of .
<unk> the time , cultural critics begin a never-ending debates whether or not a feminist thing .
I was hearing their feminism , instead of simply believing the word of an adult and grown .
<unk> perfection from feminist , because we 're still struggling for a lot , we want a lot , we need so much so much .
We 're going to go far beyond the sane and constructive criticism , in order to bother feminism from any woman , tear it down until there 's nothing left .
We do n't need to do that .
The bad feminism , or rather , one more feminism is the point of departure .
But what happens next ?
We went from recognizing our imperfections to account , go to the action and be a little more brave .
If I listen to degrading music , I 'm creating a demand for artists that would be more than happy providing an unlimited supply .
These artists will not change their way to talk about women in their songs until we change change , affecting their profits .
It 's certainly hard .
Why has his music that will be so compelling ?
It 's hard to choose something better and so easy to justify a worse choice .
But when the bad decisions have to justify this makes it more difficult for women to achieve equality , the equality that we all deserve , and it 's our responsibility .
I think of my nieces , three and four years old .
They 're two wonderful , brilliant , bright girls , and also very brave .
Where you appreciate them for strong creatures that are .
I think of them , all of a sudden , the best option is going to look like something much easier to do .
We can all make better decisions .
We can change the channel when a television program is treating sexual violence against women like sport , <unk> the Game of <unk> .
We can change the GPS station when we heard songs that treat women as nothing .
We can spend our money to go to film elsewhere when movies are not treated more than decorative objects .
We can stop supporting the support of the professional sports where athletes treat their peers like boxing .
In any case , men , especially white men , heterosexual guys can say , `` No , I 'm not going to publish in their magazine , to participate in their project , or work with you , until it does n't include enough of women , so much to participate as to make decisions .
I 'm not going to work with you until your publication , or your organization is more inclusive with a wider range of people . ''
Those of us who are <unk> , but invited to participate in these kinds of projects , we can also encourage them to be included as we are welcome to overcome the barriers to decision decisions .
We 're not because we are <unk> . Without these efforts , without embracing these positions , our achievements are going to mean very little .
We can make these small acts of courage and expect our decisions to get to the top , people in power directors and film producers and music , CEOs , the legislators that can make big decisions , more brave , to create a lasting and meaningful change .
We can also claim with courage , good , bad , or anything .
The last line of my book `` Bad <unk> , '' says , `` I 'm thinking is a bad feminist to not be at all . ''
This is true because of many reasons , but I say , especially , because the old voice my voice was to me , and my feminism was made by me .
There was an incident .
I call this an incident to address what happened .
Some guys got me angry when I was very young , and I did n't know kids can do this to a girl .
They treated me as anything .
I started to believe that it was nothing .
I had my voice , and after all , I had no dare to believe that I could say something that might matter .
But I was writing .
And I went back to <unk> .
I became a stronger version of myself .
I read the words of those women who could understand a story like mine , and the women who looked like me and understood what it meant to live in this world if you have the brown skin .
I read the words of the women who showed me that was nothing .
I learned how to write like them , and then I learned to write like myself .
I found my voice again , and I started to believe that my voice is powerful beyond what you can measure .
Through writing and feminism , I also found that if I was a little brave , another woman might hear me and see me and realize that none of us is nothing that the world is trying to tell us we are .
In one hand , I have power to achieve anything .
And in the other hand , I hold the humiliating reality that I 'm just a woman .
I 'm a bad feminist , I 'm a good woman , I 'm trying to improve my way of thinking , what I say and what I do , without abandoning everything that makes me human .
I hope we can all do the same thing .
I hope that we could all be a little brave , when you need such a courage .
Right after Christmas last year , <unk> children had the measles if you had the Disneyland or for being exposed to somebody who had been there .
The virus then went through the border with Canada , infecting more than 100 children in <unk> .
One of the things tragic about this outbreak is that the measles may be fatal to a child with a weakened immune system , is one of the most easily preventable diseases in the world .
There 's an effective vaccine against this for more than half a century , but a lot of the children involved in the Disneyland outbreak had not been vaccinated because their parents were afraid of something allegedly worse : autism .
But a moment , was n't the paper that unleashed controversial on autism and vaccines , disqualified and marked by being a deliberate fraud by the British Medical Journal ?
Does n't most intelligent scientists have the theory that vaccines cause autism is an stupidity ?
I think most of you know it , but millions of parents around the world are still going to be able to know that vaccines will put in danger to their children of autism .
Why ?
Here 's why .
This is a graph of the increase of autism increase in time .
For most of the 20th century , autism was considered a very rare disease .
The few psychologists and pediatricians who had heard about it , create all of their professional life without seeing one case .
For decades , the prevalence of prevalence followed by only three or four children per 10,000 .
But then , in the 1990s , the numbers started <unk> .
fundraising companies like <unk> <unk> are refer to autism as an epidemic , as if you could catch another child at Disneyland .
What 's going on ?
If you 're not vaccines , what is it ?
If you ask people at the Center at the Center in Atlanta , what 's going on , they tend to be based on sentences as `` diagnostic criteria expanded , '' and `` better detection of cases '' to explain these growing numbers .
But that kind of language do n't <unk> a lot of the fears of a young mother looking at the face of his two-year-old son , visual contact .
If the diagnostic criteria had to scale , why were they so low at the beginning ?
Why were the cases of autism so difficult to find before the decade of 1990 ?
Five years ago , I decided to discover the answers to these questions .
I learned that what happened has less to do with slow progress and wary of the science that with the seductive power of storytelling .
For most of the 20th century , doctors told a story about what autism and how it was discovered , but that story turned out to be false , and the consequences of the same are having a devastating impact on global public health .
There was a second most accurate story of autism that had been lost and forgotten in the dark corners of the clinical literature .
This second story tells us all about how we got here and where we need to go .
The first story starts with a <unk> child , Leo <unk> at Johns Hopkins Hospital . In 1943 , <unk> published an article that describes 11 young patients who seemed private worlds , <unk> people around them , even their own parents .
They could have fun for hours , waving their hands on their faces , but they were prey to the <unk> , as when they did n't put their favorite toy in their favorite place , without knowing them .
On the basis of treated in its clinic , <unk> <unk> that autism is very rare .
For the 1950s , as a major authority of the world on the subject , stated that I had seen less than 150 real cases of his syndrome as they pick up references to places as far as South Africa .
This is actually not surprising , because the criteria for the diagnosis of autism were very <unk> .
For example , I could give that diagnosis to children with convulsions , but now we know that epilepsy is very common in autism .
Once he became <unk> that he had turned nine out of 10 children to their office , by being autistic without giving them a diagnosis of autism .
<unk> was a smart man , but part of his theories were n't <unk> .
<unk> autism as a form of child psychosis caused by cold parents and <unk> .
These kids , he said , they 've kept it very carefully in a fridge , which is not going on .
At the same time , though , <unk> noticed that some of their young patients had special skills that cluster in certain areas like music , mathematics and memory .
One of the kids in their clinic could distinguish between 18 symphonies before he turned two .
When her mother put one of his favorite records , he properly said , `` Beethoven . ''
But <unk> had a bad opinion of these skills , saying things like the kids were simply unaware of what they had heard their parents <unk> , desperate to win their approval .
As a result , autism became source of shame for families , and two generations of autistic children were sent to institutions for their own good , becoming invisible to the world in general .
Surprisingly , it was n't until the 1970s , that the researchers started to test the <unk> theory that autism was weird .
<unk> <unk> , a cognitive psychologist in London , I thought the theory of moms <unk> mothers was pretty stupid .
She and her husband John were the warm and <unk> people , and they had a deep , profound daughter .
<unk> and John knew how hard it was to raise a girl like black-eyed Susie , without special education , and without access to other resources without a diagnosis .
To defend in front of the <unk> of Health that we needed more resources for autistic children and their families , <unk> and his colleague Judith Gould , decided to do something that should be done for 30 years before .
They launched a prevalence of autism prevalence in the general population .
And we got a suburb of London called <unk> to try and find the autistic children in the community .
What you saw was clear that the <unk> model was too limited , because the reality of autism was so much more and diverse .
Some kids could n't speak at all , whereas others were <unk> in their wedding fascination with the astrophysics , in the dinosaurs or the genealogy of <unk> .
In other ways , these kids did n't fit in beautiful boxes and <unk> , as Judith , and they saw a lot of them , much more than the <unk> <unk> model would have predicted .
At first , they were lost to try and make sense of their data .
How did nobody have had n't realized these kids before ?
But then <unk> found a reference to an article published in German in 1944 , the year after the <unk> article , and then I forgot , buried under the ashes of a terrible time that no one wanted to remember .
<unk> knew about this article from competition , but I avoided I avoided a mention in his own work .
There was n't even an English translation , but luckily , the husband of <unk> spoke German , and he translated it for her .
The document provides an alternative history of autism .
His author was a man named Hans Asperger , who was an integrated clinic with a school integrated school in Vienna in the 1930s .
<unk> ideas for teaching children with learning differences were <unk> even for contemporary standards .
The morning in their clinic started with exercises with music , and the kids follow their games on Sunday afternoon .
Instead of blaming the parents of causing autism , Asperger 's described as a civilizational disability for life that required supportive forms of support and <unk> spaces throughout the course of life .
Instead of treating kids in their clinic as patients , Asperger 's little teachers , and he started to help in the development of education methods that were particularly appropriate for them .
And fundamentally , Asperger 's saw autism as a diverse continuum that included an amazing full of gifts and disability .
He believed that autism and autistic traits were common , and they 've always been , looking at aspects of this continuum in known stories known in pop culture , like the awkward social scientist and the <unk> professor .
He went beyond even to say , that for success in science and art , a hint of autism is essential .
And he came up with , and Judith found that he was wrong that he was wrong with autism was <unk> , as well as parents were <unk> .
Over the next few years , they worked silently with the American DMCA to expand the criteria of the diagnosis that reflect the diversity of what they called the autistic spectrum .
In the late '80s and early '90s , their changes were in place , by replacing the limited model of <unk> by a broad and inclusive and inclusive .
These changes did n't fall in bag .
I happen , when I was ready and Judith worked in the back to reform these criteria , people around the world see an autistic adult for the first time .
Before `` Rain Man '' was 1988 in 1988 , just a little circle , <unk> by experts , knew what autism was , but after the haunting performance of Dustin Hoffman , like Raymond <unk> and `` Rain Man '' with four awards on the Academy of `` Rain Man , '' with `` Rain Man , '' with `` Rain Man . ''
At the same time , they were introduced to the first easy clinical trials to use to diagnose autism .
I should n't have a connection with that little circle of experts to get a diagnosis for his son .
The combination of `` Rain Man '' changes in the criteria and the introduction of these testing created a network effect , a perfect storm of the consciousness of autism .
The number of diagnostics started to rise up , as they predicted was and Judith , they were actually expecting that to be , getting people with autism and their families finally get the support and the services they were deserved .
Then Andrew <unk> came to blame vaccines for the rise in the diagnostics -- a simple , powerful , and seductive history of history as bad as the theory of <unk> that autism was <unk> .
If the heart of the prevention of prevention that one of 68 children in America are in the spectrum , right , autistic people are one of the largest minority groups in the world .
In the last few years , autistic people have come together on the Internet to reject the idea that the puzzles are to solve by the new medical advances , we 'll have the term `` <unk> '' to celebrate varieties of human cognition .
One way to understand <unk> is to think about human operating systems .
The fact that a PC does n't work with Windows , does n't mean it 's broken .
According to autistic standards , the normal human brain is easily <unk> , visually social , and it suffers from attention deficit .
Certainly , autistic people have difficulty living in a world that was not built for them .
70 years later , we 're still reaching Asperger 's , which creates that `` cure '' for the most autistic aspects of autism are in understanding teachers , employers with capacity , support communities , and parents with faith in the potential of their children .
An autistic woman named <unk> <unk> once said , `` We need all the hands on covered in covered in the <unk> . ''
As we go towards an uncertain future , we need all the forms of human intelligence on the planet to deal with the challenges that we face as a society .
We ca n't afford to waste a brain .
Thank you .
